Words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup, They slither while they pass, they slip away across the universe. Pools of sorrow waves of joy are drifting through my opened mind, Possessing and caressing me.  Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world.  Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes, They call me on and on across the universe, Thoughts meander like a restless wind Inside a letter box they Stumble blindly as they make their way Across the universe  Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world.  Sounds of laughter shades of life are ringing Through my open mind inciting and inviting me. Limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns, And calls me on and on across the universe  Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world.  Jai guru deva Jai guru deva Jai guru deva Jai guru deva  They're gonna put me in the movies They're gonna make a big star out of me We'll make a film about a man that's sad and lonely And all I gotta say is act naturally  Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an Oscar you can never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well  Well I hope you come and see me in the movies Then I know that you will plainly see The biggest fool that ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally  We'll make the scene about a man that's sad and lonely And beggin down upon his bended knee I'll play the part but I won't need rehearsal All I gotta do is act naturally  Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an Oscar you can never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well  Well I hope you come and see me in the movies Then I know that you will plainly see The biggest fool that ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally  Oh ain't she sweet, Well see her walking down that street. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet?  Oh ain't she nice, Well look her over once or twice. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she nice?  Just cast an eye In her direction. Oh me oh my, Ain't that perfection? Oh I repeat Well don't you think that's kind of neat? Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet?  Oh ain't she sweet, Well see her walking down that street. Well I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet?  Oh ain't that nice, Well look it over once or twice. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she nice?  Just cast an eye In her direction. Oh me oh my, Ain't that perfection? Oh I repeat Well don't you think that's kind of neat? Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet?  Oh ain't she sweet, Well see her walking down that street. Well I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet?  Well I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet?  Whenever I want you around, yeh, All I gotta do Is call you on the phone And you'll come running home, Yeh, that's all I gotta do.  And when I wanna kiss you, yeh, All I gotta do Is whisper in your ear the words you want to hear, And I'll be kissing you.  And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all, I'll be here, yes I will, whenever you call, You just gotta call on me, yeh, you just gotta call on me.  And when I wanna kiss you, yeh, All I gotta do Is call you on the phone And you'll come running home, Yeh, that's all I gotta do.  And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all, I'll be here, yes I will, whenever you call, You just gotta call on me, yeh, you just gotta call on me.  Close your eyes and I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you, Remember I'll always be true, And then while I'm away, I'll write home every day, And I'll send all my loving to you.  I'll pretend I am kissing, The lips I am missing, And hope that my dreams will come true, And then while I'm away, I'll write home every day, And I'll send all my loving to you.  All my loving, I will send to you, All my loving, darling, I'll be true.  Close your eyes and I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you, Remember I'll always be true, And then while I'm away, I'll write home every day, And I'll send all my loving to you.  All my loving, I will send to you, All my loving, darling, I'll be true, All my loving, I will send to you.  Sunrise doesn't last all morning, a cloudburst doesn't last all day. Seems my love is up and has left you with no warning. But it's not always going to be this grey.  All things must pass, all things must pass away.  Sunset doesn't last all evening, a mind can blow those clouds away. after all this my love is up and must be leaving. It has not always been this grey.  All things must pass, all things must pass away.  All things must pass none of life's strings can last. So I must be on my way and face another day.  Now the darkness only stays at nighttime, in the morning it will fade away. Daylight is good at arriving at the right time. It's not always going to be this grey.  All things must pass, all things must pass away. All things must pass, all things must pass away.  One, two, three, four, Can I have a little more, Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, I love you.  A, B, C, D, Can I bring my friend to tea, E, F, G, H, I, J, I love you.  Bom bom bom bom-pa bom Sail the ship bom-pa bom Chop the tree bom-pa bom Skip the rope bom-pa bom Look at me.  All together now, All together now, All together now, All together now,  Black, white, green, red, Can I take my friend to bed, Pink, brown, yellow, orange, and blue, I love you.  All together now, All together now, All together now, All together now,  Bom bom bom bom bom-pa bom Sail the ship bom-pa bom Chop the tree bom-pa bom Skip the rope bom-pa bom Look at me.  All together now, All together now, All together now, All together now, All together now!  Love, love, love. Love, love, love, love, love, love. Love, love, love. Love, love, love, love, love, love. Love, love, love: It's easy! Ooh!  There's nothing you can do that can't be done. Nothing you can sing that can't be sung. Nothing you can say but you can learn how to play the game It's easy.  There's nothing you can make that can't be made. No one you can save that can't be saved. Nothing you can do but you can learn how to be you in time It's easy.  All you need is love All you need is love, All you need is love. Love is all you need.  All you need is love All you need is love, All you need is love. Love is all you need.  There's nothing you can know that isn't known. Nothing you can see that isn't shown. Nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be. It's easy.  All you need is love All you need is love, All you need is love, love Love is all you need.  All you need is love All together now! All you need is love Everybody! All you need is love, love Love is all you need.  I give her all my love, That's all I do, And if you saw my love, You'd love her too. I love her.  She gives me ev'rything, And tenderly, The kiss my lover brings, She brings to me, And I love her.  A love like ours, Could never die, As long as I, Have you near me.  Bright are the stars that shine, Dark is the sky, I know this love of mine, Will never die, And I love her.  Bright are the stars that shine, Dark is the sky, I know this love of mine, Will never die, And I love her.  You tell that you've got ev'rything you want, And your bird can sing, But you don't get me, You don't get me.  You say you've seen seven wonders, And your bird is green, But you can't see me, You can't see me.  When your prized possessions start to weigh you down, Look in my direction I'll be round, I'll be round.  When your bird is broken Will it bring you down? You may be awoken I'll be round, I'll be round.  You tell me that you've heard ev'ry sound there is, And your bird can swing, But you can't hear me, You can't hear me.  Anna, You come and ask me, girl, To set you free, girl, You say he loves you more than me, So I will set you free, Go with him. Go with him.  Anna, Girl, before you go now, I want you to know, now, That I still love you so, But if he loves you mo', Go with him.  All of my life, I've been searchin' for a girl To love me like I love you. Oh, now… But every girl I've ever had, Breaks my heart and leaves my sad. What am I, what am I supposed to do.  Anna, Just one more thing, girl. You give back your ring to me, and I will set you free, Go with him  For I have got another girl, another girl, You're making me say that I've got nobbody but you, But as from today I've got somebody that's new, I ain't no fool and I don't take what I don't want,  For I have got another girl, another girl. She's sweeter than all the girls and I've met quite a few, Nobody in the world can do what she can do, And so I'm telling you this time you'd better stop,  For I have got another girl. Another girl, who will love me till the end, Through thick and thin she will always be my friend. I don't wanna say that I've been unhappy with you, But as from today well I've seen sonebody that's new, I ain't no fool and I don't take, what I don't want,  For I have got another girl. Another girl, who will love me till the end, Through thick and thin she will always be my friend. I don't wanna say that I've been unhappy with you, But as from today well I've seen sonebody that's new, I ain't no fool and I don't take, what I don't want, For I have got another girl.  Anytime at all, Anytime at all, Anytime at all, All you've gotta do is call. And I'll be there.  If you need somebody to love, Just look into my eyes, I'll be there to make you feel right, If you're feeling sorry and sad, I'd really sympathize. Don't be sad, just call me tonight.  Anytime at all, Anytime at all, Anytime at all, All you've gotta do is call. And I'll be there.  If the sun has faded away, I'll try to make it shine. There is nothing I won't do, If you need a shoulder to cry on, I hope it will be mine Call me tonight and I'll come to you.  Anytime at all, Anytime at all, Anytime at all, All you've gotta do is call. And I'll be there.  Anytime at all, Anytime at all, Anytime at all, All you've gotta do is call. And I'll be there.  Anytime at all, All you've gotta do is call. And I'll be there.  I love you, 'Cause you tell me things I want to know, And it's true that it really only goes to show That I know that I-I-I-I should never, never, never be blue.  Now you're mine, My happiness still makes me cry. And in time you'll understand the reasons why If I cry it's not because I'm sad But you're the only love that I've ever had.  I can't believe it's happened to me. I can't conceive of any more misery. Ask me why I'll say I love you and I'm always thinking of you.  Sha la la la la la la la Sha la la la la la la la Sha la la la la la la la Sha la la la la  It's not the way you smile that touched my heart. (sha la la la la) It's not the way you kiss that tears me apart. Uh, oh, many, many, many nights go by, I sit alone at home and I cry over you. What can I do. Can't help myself, 'cause baby, it's you. Baby, it's you.  You should hear what they say about you, "cheat," "cheat." They say, they say you never never never ever heard of being true. (cheat cheat) Uh oh, It doesn't matter what they say, I know I'm gonna love you any old way. What can I do, and it's true.  Don't want nobody, nobody, 'cause baby, it's you. (sha la la la la la la) Baby, it's you. (sha la la la la la la) Uh oh, It doesn't matter what they say, I know I'm gonna love you any old way. What can I do, when it's true.  Don't want nobody, nobody, 'cause baby, it's you. (sha la la la la la la) Baby, it's you. (sha la la la la la la) Don't leave me all alone...  How does it feel to be one of the beautiful people Now that you know who you are What do you want ot be and have you travelled very far Far as the eye can see.  How does it feel to be one of the people How often have you been there often enough to know What did you see when you were there nothing that doesn't show  Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too You keep all your money in a big brown bag inside the zoo What a thing to do  Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too.  How does it feel to be one of the beautiful people Tuned to a natural E Happy to be that way now that you've found another key What are you going to play  Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too You keep all your money in a big brown bag inside a zoo What a thing to do  Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too...  Oh dear, what can I do? Baby's in black and I'm feeling blue, Tell me, oh what can I do?  She thinks of him and so she dresses in black, And though he'll never come bak, she's dressed in black.  Oh dear, what can I do? Baby's in black and I'm feeling blue, Tell me, oh what can I do?  I think of her, but she only thinks of him, And though it's only a whim, she thinks of him.  Oh how long will it take, Till she sees the mistake she has made? Dear what can I do?  Baby's in black, and I'm feeling blue, Tell me, oh what can I do?  She thinks of him and she dresses in black, And though he'll never come back, she's dressed in black.  Oh dear, what can I do? Baby's in black and I'm feeling blue, Tell me, oh what can I do?  Flew in from Miami Beach BOAC. Didn't get to bed last night. On the way the paper bag was on my knee. Man I had I dreadful flight.  I'm back in the USSR. You don't know how lucky you lucky you are boy Back in the USSR.  Been away so long I hardly knew the place. Gee it's good to be back home. Leave it till tomorrow to unpack my case. Honey disconnect the phone.  I'm back in the USSR. You don't know how lucky you are boy Back in the US. Back in the US. Back in the USSR.  Well the Ukraine girls really knock me out. They leave the West behind. And Moscow girls make me sing and shout That Georgia's always on my mind.  I'm back in the USSR. You don't know how lucky you are boys Back in the USSR.  Show me round your snow peaked mountains way down south Take me to your daddy's farm Let me hear your balalaikas ringing out Come and keep your comrade warm.  I'm back in the USSR. You don't know how lucky you are boy Back in the USSR.  A bad little kid moved into my neighborhood He won't do nothing right just sitting down and looks so good He don't want to go to school and learn to read and write Just sits around the house and plays the rock and roll music all night  Well, he put some tacks on teachers chair Puts some gum in little girl's hair Hey, junior, behave yourself Buys every rock and roll book on the magazine stand Every dime that he get is lost to the jukebox man  Well he worries his teacher till at night she's ready to poop From rocking and a-rolling spinning in a hula hoop Well this rock and roll has got to stop Junior's head is hard as rock Now, junior, behave yourself  Going tell your mama you better do what she said Get to the barber shop and get that hair cut off your head Threw the canary and you fed it to the neighbors cat You gave the cocker spaniel a bath in mother's laundramat  Well, mama's head has got to stop Junior's head is hard as rock Now, junior, behave yourself  Standing in the dock at Southampton Trying to get to Holland or France. The man in the mac said you've got to go back, You know they didn't even give us a chance. Christ! You know it ain't easy, You know how hard it can be. The way things are going, They're going to crucify me. Finally made the plane into Paris, Honeymooning down by the Seine. Peter Brown called to say, You can make it OK, You can get married in Gibraltar near Spain. Christ! You know it ain't easy, You know how hard it can be. The way things are going, They're going to crucify me. Drove from Paris to the Amsterdam Hilton, Talking in our beds for a week. The newspapers said, say what're you doing in bed, I said we're only trying to get us some peace. Christ! You know it ain't easy, You know how hard it can be. The way things are going, They're going to crucify me. Saving up your money for a rainy day, Giving all your clothes to charity. Last night the wife said, Oh boy, when you're dead you don't take nothing with you but your soul – Think! Made a lightning trip to Vienna, Eating choc'late cake in a bag. The newspapers said, She's gone to his head, They look just like two Gurus in a drag. Christ! You know it ain't easy, You know how hard it can be. The way things are going, They're going to crucify me. Caught the early plane back to London, Fifty acorns tied in a sack. The men from the press said we wish you success, It's good to have the both of you back. Christ! You know it ain't easy, You know how hard it can be. The way things are going, They're going to crucify me.  Well Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's... My baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll.  Well She's the one in the red blue jeans She's the queen of all the team She's the woman walkin' that I know She's the woman that loves me so  Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's... My baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll.  Well She's the woman who's got that beat She's the woman with the flying feet She's the woman walk around the store She's the woman gives me more more more  Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's... My baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll.  Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's... My baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll.  Ah, because the world is round it turns me on Because the world is round  Ah, because the wind is high it blows my mind Because the wind is high  Ah, love is old, love is new Love is all, love is you  Because the sky is blue it makes me cry Because the sky is blue  Ah, ah, ah, ah  For the benefit of Mr. Kite there will be a show tonight on trampoline The Hendersons will all be there late of Pablo Fanques'fair, what a scene Over men and horses hoops and garters and lastly through a hogshead of real fire In this way Mr. K will challenge the world  The celebrated Mr. K performs his feats on Saturday at Bishopsgate The Hendersons will dance and sing as Mr. Kite flies through the ring, don't be late Messers K. and H. assure the public their production will be second to none And of course Henry the Horse dances the waltz  The band begins at ten to six when Mr. K performs his tricks without a sound And Mr. H will demonstrate ten somersets he'll undertake on solid ground Having been some days in preparation a splendid time is guaranteed for all And tonight Mr. Kite is topping the bill  Besame besame mucho, Each time I bring you a kiss I hear music divine.  So besame besame mucho, Yeh I love you for ever Say that you'll always be mine.  Dearest one, if you should leave me Then each little dream will take wings And my life would be through.  Oh besame besame mucho, Yeh I love you for ever, Make all my dreams come true.  Oh this joy is something new, My arms are holding you, I never knew this thrill before.  Who ever thought I'd be Holding you close to me Whispering it's you I adore.  So dearest one, if you should leave me Then each little dream will take wings And my life would be through.  Oh besame besame mucho, Yeah I love you for ever, Make all my dreams come true.  Oh this joy is something new, My arms are holding you, I never knew this thrill before.  Who ever thought I'd be Holding you close to me Whispering it's you I adore.  So dearest one, if you should leave me, Each little dream will take wings And my life would be through.  Oh besame besame mucho, Yeh love me for ever, Make all my dreams come true. Love me for ever, Make all my dreams come true. Love me for ever, Make all my dreams come true.  You say it's your birthday. It's my birthday too – yeah. They say it's your birthday. We're gonna have a good time. I’m glad it's your birthday Happy birthday to you.  Yes we're going to party party Yes we're going to party party Yes we're going to party party.  I would like you to dance – Birthday Take a cha-cha-cha-chance – Birthday I would like you to dance – Birthday dance  You say it's your birthday. It's my birthday too – yeah. You say it's your birthday. We're gonna have a good time. I'm glad it's your birthday Happy birthday to you.  Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these broken wings and learn to fly. All your life You were only waiting for this moment to arise.  Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these sunken eyes and learn to see. All your life You were only waiting for this moment to be free.  Blackbird fly, Blackbird fly Into the light of the dark black night. Blackbird fly, Blackbird fly Into the light of the dark black night.  Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these broken wings and learn to fly. All your life You were only waiting for this moment to arise You were only waiting for this moment to arise You were only waiting for this moment to arise  There's a fog upon L.A. And my friends have lost their way We'll be over soon they said Now they've lost themselves instead.  Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long or I may be asleep  Well it only goes to show And I told them where to go Ask a policeman on the street There's so many there to meet  Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long or I may be asleep  Now it's past my bed I know And I'd really like to go Soon it will be the break of day Sitting here in Blue Jay Way  Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long or I may be asleep Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long  Don't be long - don't be long - don't be long Don't be long - don't be long - don't be long  I been told when a boy kiss a girl, Take a trip around the world, Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop) yeah, she say ya do. (Bop shuop)  My girl says when I kiss her lips, Gets a thrill through her fingertips, Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop) yeah, she say ya do. (Bop shuop)  Well, I talk about boys, Don't ya know I mean boys, Well, I talk about boys, now, Aaahhh, boys, Well, I talk about boys, now, What a bundle of joy! (Alright, George!)  My girl says when I kiss her lips, Gets a thrill through her fingertips, Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop) yeah, she say ya do. (Bop shuop)  Well, I talk about boys, Don't ya know I mean boys, Well, I talk about boys, now, Aaahhh, boys, Well, I talk about boys, now, What a bundle of joy!  Can't buy me love, love, Can't buy me love.  I'll buy you a diamond ring my friend, If it makes you feel alright, I'll get you anything my friend, If it makes you feel alright, 'Cause I don't care too much for money, Money can't buy me love.  I'll give you all I've got to give, If you say you love me too, I may not have a lot to give, But what I've got I'll give to you, I don't care too much for money. Money can't buy me love.  Can't buy me love, ev'rybody tells me so, Can't buy me love, no, no, no, no.  Say you don't need no diamond rings, And I'll be satisfied, Tell me that you want the kind of things, That money just can't buy, I don't care too much for money. Money can't buy me love.  Can't buy me love, ev'rybody tells me so, Can't buy me love, no, no, no, no.  Say you don't need no diamond rings, And I'll be satisfied, Tell me that you want the kind of things, That money just can't buy, I don't care too much for money. Money can't buy me love.  Can't buy me love, love, Can't buy me love.  Oh Carol, don't let him Steal your heart away. Well I've got to learn to dance If it takes me all night and day.  Well come into my machine So we can move on out. I know a jumping little joint Where we can jump and shout.  It's not too far back on the highway Not too long a ride. You take your car along And you park it outside.  A little cutie takes your hat And you can thank her, ma'am, 'Cos every time you're gonna drive, You find the joint is jammed.  Oh Carol, don't let him Steal your heart away. Well I've got to learn to dance If it takes me all night and day. Aw.  Well if you want to hear some music Like the boys all play, Hold tight, tap your foot, Don't let it carry you away.  Don't let the heat overcome you 'Cos they play so loud While the music will treat you When they get a crowd.  Well you can dance I know you will, you thought. I got my eyes on you baby, 'Cos you dance so good.  Don't let him Steal your heart away. I've got to learn to dance If it takes me all night and day. Well I've got to learn to dance If it takes you all night and day.  Boy – you're gonna carry that weight, Carry that weight a long time. I never give you my pillow, I only send you my invitations, And in the middle of the celebrations I break down.  Chains, my baby's got me locked up in chains. And they ain't the kind that you can see. Whoa, oh, these chains of love got a hold on me, yeah.  Chains, well I can't break away from these chains. Can't run around, 'cause I'm not free. Whoa, oh, these chains of love won't let me be, yeah.  I wanna tell you, pretty baby, I think you're fine. I'd like to love you, But, darlin', I'm imprisoned by these...  Chains, my baby's got me locked up in chains, And they ain't the kind that you can see, Oh, oh, these chains of love got a hold on me.  Please believe me when I tell you, Your lips are sweet. I'd like to kiss them, But I can't break away from all of these...  Chains, my baby's got me locked up in chains. And they ain't the kind that you can see. Whoa, oh, these chains of love got a hold on me, yeah. Chains, chains of love...  Well, I got a baby crazy for me Yeah, I got a baby won't let me be Wo, baby baby, Clarabella Baby baby, Clarabella Baby baby, wo wo, yeah uh  Well, she needs no coachin' on makin' love All she needs is the stars up above Wo, baby baby, Clarabella Baby baby, Clarabella Baby baby, wo wo, yeah uh  Well now, Clarabella You're my honey, Clarabella Ooh yeah now, Clarabella I said you're my baby, Clarabella Yeah, Clarabella, baby Wo wo, yeah yeah  Well, she's got no time for-a dungeries Already knows her ABC's Wo, baby baby, Clarabella Baby baby, Clarabella Baby baby, wo wo, yeah uh  Well now, Clarabella, yeah You're my honey, Clarabella Woo ooh, you're my baby, Clarabella You're my honey, Clarabella Yeah, Clarabella, baby Wo wo, yeah heh yeah, oh yeah  If you want it, here it is come and get it mmmmmm make your mind up fast If you want it, anytime, I can give it But you better hurry 'cause it may not last  Did I hear you say that there must be a catch Will you walk away from a fool and his money? If you want it, here it is come and get it But you better hurry 'cause its goin' fast  If you want it, here it is come and get it mmmmmm make your mind up fast If you want it, anytime, I can give it But you better hurry 'cause it may not last  Did I hear you say that there must be a catch Will you walk away from a fool and his money? Sonny, if you want it, here it is come and get it But you better hurry 'cause its goin' fast You better hurry 'cause its goin' fast  oooohhh Fool and his money...  Sonny, if you want it, here it is come and get it But you better hurry 'cause its goin' fast You better hurry 'cause its goin' fast You better hurry 'cause its goin' fast  Here come old flattop he come grooving up slowly He got joo-joo eyeball he one holy roller He got hair down to his knee Got to be a joker he just do what he please  He wear no shoeshine he got toe-jam football He got monkey finger he shoot coca-cola He say "I know you, you know me" One thing I can tell you is you got to be free Come together right now over me  He bag production he got walrus gumboot He got Ono sideboard he one spinal cracker He got feet down below his knee Hold you in his armchair you can feel his disease Come together right now over me  He roller-coaster he got early warning He got muddy water he one mojo filter He say "One and one and one is three" Got to be good-looking 'cause he's so hard to see Come together right now over me  Hey, Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill  He went out tiger hunting with his elephant and gun In case of accidents he always took his mom He's the all American bullet-headed Saxon mother's son All the children sing  Hey, Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill  Deep in the jungle where the mighty tiger lies Bill and his elephants were taken by surprise So Captain Marval zapped him right between the eyes All the children sing  Hey, Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill  The children asked him if to kill was not a sin "Not when he looked so fierce" his mommy butted in If looks could kill it would have been us instead of him All the children sing  Hey, Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey, Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey, Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey, Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill  Cry baby cry. Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. The king of Marigold was in the kitchen Cooking breakfast for the queen. The queen was in the parlor Playing piano for the children of the king.  Cry baby cry. Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. So cry baby cry. The king was in the garden Picking flowers for a friend who came to play. The queen was in the playroom Painting pictures for the children’s holiday.  Cry baby cry. Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. So cry baby cry. The duchess of Kirkcaldy always smiling And arriving late for tea. The duke was having problems With a message at the local bird and bee.  Cry baby cry. Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. So cry baby cry. At twelve o'clock a meeting round the table For a seance in the dark. With voices out of nowhere Put on especially by the children for a lark.  Cry baby cry. Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. So cry baby cry cry cry cry baby. Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. Cry baby cry cry cry cry Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. So cry baby cry.  Crying, crying, waiting, waiting, hoping, hoping, you'll come back, I just can't seem to get you off my mind.  Crying, crying, waiting, waiting, hoping, hoping, you'll come back. You're the one I love. I think about you all the time.  Crying, crying, tears keep a-falling all night long. Waiting, waiting, it seems so useless, I know it's wrong to keep on... ...crying, crying, waiting, waiting, hoping, hoping, you'll come back baby, someday soon things will change and you'll be mine.  Crying, crying, tears keep a-falling all night long. Waiting, waiting, it seems so useless, I know it's wrong to keep on... ...crying, crying, waiting, waiting, hoping, hoping, you'll come back maybe someday soon, things will change and you'll be mine.  Crying, crying, waiting, waiting, hoping, hoping.  I read the news today oh boy About a lucky man who made the grade And though the news was rather sad Well I just had to laugh I saw the photograph  He blew his mind out in a car He didn't notice that the lights had changed A crowd of people stood and stared They'd seen his face before Nobody was really sure If he was from the House of Lords.  I saw a film today oh boy The English Army had just won the war A crowd of people turned away But I just had to look Having read the book.  I'd love to turn you on ...  Woke up, fell out of bed, Dragged a comb across my head Found my way downstairs and drank a cup, And looking up I noticed I was late.  Found my coat and grabbed my hat Made the bus in seconds flat Found my way upstairs and had a smoke, And somebody spoke and I went into a dream.  I read the news today oh boy Four thousand holes in Blackburn, Lancashire And though the holes were rather small They had to count them all Now they know how many holes it takes To fill the Albert Hall.  I'd love to turn you on.  Got a good reason for taking the easy way out, Got a good reason for taking the easy way out - now,  She was a day tripper, One way ticket, yeh, It took me so long to find out, and I found out.  She's a big teaser, she took me half the way there, She's a big teaser, she took me half the way there - now,  She was a day tripper, One way ticket, yeh. It took me so long to find out, and I found out.  Tried to please her, she only played one night stands, Tried to please her, she only played one night stands - now,  She was a day tripper, Sunday driver, yeh, It took me so long to find out, and I found out. Day tripper, yeh.  Dear Prudence, won't you come out to play. Dear Prudence, greet the brand new day. The sun is up, the sky is blue. It's beautiful and so are you.  Dear Prudence won't you come out to play? Dear Prudence open up your eyes. Dear Prudence see the sunny skies. The wind is low the birds will sing That you are part of everything.  Dear Prudence won't you open up your eyes? Look around round Look around round round Look around.  Dear Prudence let me see you smile. Dear Prudence like a little child. The clouds will be a daisy chain. So let me see you smile again. Dear Prudence won't you let me see you smile?  She's got the devil in her heart But her eyes they tantalize She's gonna tear your heart apart Oh her lips are really thrilling I'll take my chances for romance is So important to me  She'll never hurt me She won't desert me She's an angel sent to me  She's got the devil in her heart No, no, this I can't believe She's gonna tear your heart apart No, no nay will she deceive I can't believe that she'll ever ever go Not when she hugs and says she loves me so  She'll never hurt me She won't desert me Listen can't you see  She's got the devil in her heart Oh, no, no, no, this I can't believe She's gonna tear your heart apart No no nay will she deceive Don't take chances if your romance is So important to you  She'll never hurt me She won't desert me She's an angel sent to me  She's got the devil in her heart Oh, no, no, no, no this I can't believe She's gonna tear your heart apart No, no nay will she deceive She's got the devil in her heart No she's an angel sent to me She's got the devil in her heart No she's an angel sent to me  I dig a pony Well you can celebrate anything you want Yes you celebrate anything you want Ooh.  I do a road hog Well you can penetrate any place you go, Yes you can penetrate any place you go I told you so, all I want is you. Ev'rything has got to be just like you want it to. Because –  I pick a moon dog Well you can radiate ev’rything you are Yes you can radiate ev’rything you are – Ooh.  I roll a stoney Well you can imitate ev'ryone you know Yes you can imitate ev'ryone you know. I told you so, all I want is you. Ev'rything has got to be just like you want it to. Because – I feel the wind blow  Well you can indicate ev'rything you see Yes you can indicate ev'rything you see – Ooh.  I dig a pony Well you can syndicate any boat you row Yes you can syndicate any boat you row. I told you so, all I want is you. Ev'rything has got to be just like you want it to. Because –  Like a rolling stone A like a rolling stone Like the FBI and the CIA And the BBC… BB king, And Doris Day, Matt Busby. Dig it, dig it, dig it, Dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it.  You make me dizzy Miss Lizzie The way you rock and roll You make me dizzy Miss Lizzie When we do the stroll  Come on Miss Lizzie Love me 'fore I grow too old Come on, give me fever put your little hand in mine  You make me dizzy dizzy Lizzie oh, girl you look so fine Just a rocking and a rolling Girl I said I wish you were mine, ah  Ooh, ah You make me dizzy Miss Lizzie When you call my name Ooo, baby Say you're driving me insane  Come on, come on, come on, come on baby I want to be your loving man, Ah Run and tell your mama I want you be my bride  Run and tell your brother Baby don't run and hide You make me dizzy Miss Lizzie Girl I want to marry you  Come on, give me fever put your little hand in mine, girl You make me dizzy dizzy Lizzie Girl you look so fine You're just a rocking and a rolling Ooo I said I wish you were mine, ah  You'll never know how much I really love you, You'll never know how much I really care,  Listen, do you want to know a secret, Do you promise not to tel, Whoa . . . . . Closer let me whisper in your ear, Say the words you long to hear, I'm in love with you, oo . . . . .  I've known a secret for a week or two, Nobody knows just we two.  Listen, do you want to know a secret, Do you promise not to tel, Whoa . . . . . Closer let me whisper in your ear, Say the words you long to hear, I'm in love with you, oo, oo, oo, oo . . . . .  Ring my friend I said you'd call Doctor Robert, Day or night he'll be there anytime at all, Doctor Robert,  Doctor Robert, you're a new and better man, He helps you to understand, He does ev'rything he can, Doctor Robert.  If you are down he'll pick you up, Doctor Robert, Take a drink from his special cup, Doctor Robert,  Doctor Robert, he's a man you must believe, Helping ev'ry one in need, No-one can succeed like Doctor Robert.  Well, well, well, you're feeling fine, Well, well, well, he'll make you, Doctor Robert.  My friend works with the National Health, Doctor Robert, Don't pay money just to see yourself with Doctor Robert,  Doctor Robert, you're a new and better man, He helps you to understand, He does ev'rything he can, Doctor Robert.  Well, well, well, you're feeling fine, Well, well, well, he'll make you Doctor Robert. Ring my friend I said you'd call Doctor Robert.  Since she's been gone I want no one to talk to me. It's not the same but I'm to blame, it's plain to see. So go away, leave me alone, don't bother me. I can't believe that she would leave me on my own.  It's just not right when every night I'm all alone. I've got no time for you right now, don't bother me. I know I'll never be the same if I don't get her back again. Because I know she'll always be the only girl for me.  But 'till she's here please don't come near, just stay away. I'll let you know when she's come home. Until that day, Don't come around, leave me alone, don't bother me. I've got no time for you right now, don't bother me.  I know I'll never be the same if I don't get her back again. Because I know she'll always be the only girl for me. But 'till she's here please don't come near, just stay away. I'll let you know when she's come home. Until that day, Don't come around, leave me alone, don't bother me.  Don't bother me. Don't bother me. Don't bother me. Don't bother me.  You never wear a suit of lace, the powder's not on your face. You're always wearing jeans except on sunday.  So please don't ever change, no don't you ever change. I kind of like you just the way you are.  You don't know the latest dance, but when it's time to make romance your kisses let me know you're not a tomboy.  So please don't ever change, no don't you ever change. Promise you're always gonna be as sweet as you are.  I love you when you're happy, I love you when you're blue. I love you when you're mad at me, so how can I get tired of you?  A lots of other girls I've seen, they know how to treat guys mean. But you would rather die than ever hurt me.  So please don't ever change, no don't you ever change. Just promise you're always gonna be as sweet as you are.  Please don't ever change, don't you ever change. Please don't ever change, don't you ever change.  Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down  Nobody ever loved me like she does Ooh she does. Yes she does And if somebody loved me Like she do me Ooh she do me. Yes she does  Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down  I'm in love for the first time Don't you know it's going to last It's a love that lasts forever It's a love that has no past  Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down  And from the first time that she really done me Ooh she done me. She done me good I guess nobody ever really done me Ooh she done me She done me She done me good  Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down.  I listen for your footsteps coming up the drive, Listen for your footsteps but they don't arrive, Waiting for your knock dear on my old front door, I don't hear it, Does it mean you don't love me anymore?  I hear the clock a-ticking on the mantelshelf, See the hands a-moving but I'm by myself, I wonder where you are tonight and why I'm by myself, I don't see you. Does it mean you don't love me anymore?  Sorry that I doubted you, I was so unfair, You were in a car crash and you lost your hair, You said that you would be late an hour or two I said that's all right I'm waiting here just waiting to hear from you.  Don't pass me by, don't make me cry, don't make me blue, 'Cause you know daring I love only you, You'll never know it hurt me so, How I hate to see you go, Don't pass me by, don't make me cry.  Asked a girl what she wanted to be, She said, baby can't you see? I wanna be famous, a star of the screen, But you can do something in between.  Baby, you can drive my car, yes I'm gonna be a star, Baby, you can drive my car, and maybe I'll love you.  I told that girl that my prospects were good, She said, baby it's understood, Working for peanuts is all very fine, But I can show you a better time.  Baby, you can drive my car, yes I'm gonna be a star, Baby, you can drive my car, and maybe I'll love you. Beep beep mm, beep beep yeh!  Baby, you can drive my car, yes I'm gonna be a star, Baby, you can drive my car, and maybe I'll love you.  I told that girl I could start right away, And she said, listen, babe, I've got something to say, Got no car, and it's breaking my heart, But I've found a driver, that's a start.  Baby, you can drive my car, yes I'm gonna be a star, Baby, you can drive my car, and maybe I'll love you. Beep beep mm, beep beep yeh!  Ooh I need your love babe, guess you know it's true, Hope you need my love babe just like I need you, Hold me, love me, Hold me, love me, Ain't got nothin' but love babe, Eight days a week. Love you ev'ry day girl, always on my mind, One thing I can say girl, love you all the time, Hold me, love me, Hold me, love me, Ain't got nothin' but love babe, Eight days a week. Eight days a week I love you, Eight days a week is not enough to show I care. Ooh I need your love babe, guess you know it's true, Hope you need my love babe just like I need you, Hold me, love me, Hold me, love me, Ain't got nothin' but love babe, Eight days a week. Eight days a week I love you, Eight days a week is not enough to show I care. Love you ev'ry day girl, always on my mind, One thing I can say girl, love you all the time, Hold me, love me, Hold me, love me, Ain't got nothin' but love babe, Eight days a week. Eight days a week. Eight days a week.  Ah, look at all the lonely people. Ah, look at all the lonely people.  Eleanor Rigby picks up the rice in the church where a wedding has been, Lives in a dream. Waits at the window, wearing a face that she keeps in a jar by the door, Who is it for?  All the lonely people, where do they all come from? All the lonely people, where do they all belong?  Father McKenzie, writing the words of a sermon that no-one will hear, No-one comes near Look at him working, darning his socks in the night when there's nobody there, What does he care?  All the lonely people, where do they all come from? All the lonely people, where do they all belong?  Ah, look at all the lonely people. Ah, look at all the lonely people.  Eleanor Rigby died in the church and was buried along with her name. Nobody came. Father McKenzie, wiping the dirt from his hands as he walks from the grave. No-one was saved.  All the lonely people, where do they all come from? All the lonely people, where do they all belong?  Oh yeah alright, are you gonna be in my dreams tonight? And in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make. Ah –  When I'm walking beside her, People tell me I'm lucky, Yes I know I'm a lucky guy, I remember the first time I was lonely without her, Can't stop thinking about her now. Ev'ry little thing she does, She does for me, yeh, And you know the things she does, She does for me, oh. When I'm with her I'm happy, Just to know that she loves me Yes, I know that she loves me, now. There is one thing I am sure of, I will love her forever, For I know love will never die. Ev'ry little thing she does, She does for me, yeh, And you know the things she does, She does for me, oh. Ev'ry little thing she does, She does for me, yeh, And you know the things she does, She does for me, oh.  Come on come on come on come on Come on is such a joy Come on is such a joy Come on take it easy Come on take it easy. Take it easy take it easy. Everybody's got something to hide except for me and my monkey. The deeper you go the higher you fly. The higher you fly the deeper you go. So come on come on Come on is such a joy Come on is such a joy Come on take it easy Come on take it easy. Take it easy take it easy. Everybody's got something to hide except for me and my monkey. Your inside is out and your outside is in. Your outside is in and your inside is out. So come on come on Come on is such a joy Come on is such a joy Come on take it easy Come on take it easy. Take it easy take it easy. Everybody's got something to hide except for me and my monkey.  Well they took some honey from a tree Dressed it up and they called it me Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby, now Well half past nine, half past four fifty women knocking on my door Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby, now Went out last night, I didn't stay late 'fore I got home I had nineteen dates Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby, now Went out last night, I didn't stay late 'fore I got home I had nineteen dates Well they took some honey from a tree Dressed it up and they called it me Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby, now  Falling in love again, I never wanted to What am I to do, I can't help it. Love has always been my game, play it how I may I was made that way, can't help it.  Men cluster to me like moths around a flame, And if their wings burn, I know I'm not to blame Falling in love again, I never wanted to What am I to do, I can't help it.  Men cluster to me like moths around a flame, And if their wings burn, I know I'm not to blame Falling in love again, I never wanted to What am I to do, I can't help it.  I'm fixing a hole where the rain gets in And stops my mind from wandering Where it will go. I'm filling in the cracks that ran through the door And kept my mind from wandering Where it will go. And it really doesn't matter if I'm wrong I'm right Where I belong I'm right Where I belong. See the people standing there who Disagree and never win And wonder why they don't get in my door. I'm painting the room in a colorful way And when my mind is wandering There I will go. And it doesn't really matter if I'm wrong I'm right Where I belong I'm right Where I belong. Silly people run around they worry me And never ask me why they don't get past my door. I'm taking the time for a number of things That weren't important yesterday And I still go. I'm fixing a hole where the rain gets in And stops my mind from wandering Where it will go.  Day after day, alone on a hill, The man with the foolish grin is keeping perfectly still But nobody wants to know him, They can see he's just a fool And he never gives an answer. But the fool on the hill sees the sun going down And the eyes in his head see the world spinning round. Well on the way, head in a cloud, The man of a thousand voices talking perfectly loud. But nobody ever hears him Or the sound he appearss to make And he never seems to notice. But the fool on the hill sees the sun going down And the eyes in his head see the world spinning round. And nobody seems to like him, They can tell what he wants to do And he never shows his feelings. But the fool on the hill sees the sun going down And the eyes in his head see the world spinning round. He never listens to them, He knows that they're the fools They don't like him. The fool on the hill sees the sun going down And the eyes in his head see the world spinning round.  Your day breaks, your mind aches, You find that all her words of kindness linger on, When she no longer needs you.  She wakes up, she makes up, She takes her time and doesn't feel she has to hurry, She no longer needs you.  And in her eyes you see nothing, No sign of love behind the tears cried for no one, A love that should have lasted years.  You want her, you need her, And yet you don't believe her, When she says her love is dead, You think she needs you.  And in her eyes you see nothing, No sign of love behind the tears cried for no one, A love that should have lasted years.  You stay home, she goes out, She says that long ago she knew someone but now, He's gone, she doesn't need him.  Your day breaks, your mind aches, There will be times when all the things she said will fill your head, You won't forget her.  And in her eyes you see nothing, No sign of love behind the tears cried for no one, A love that should have lasted years.  Because you're sweet and lovely girl I love you, Because you're sweet and lovely girl it's true, I love you more than ever girl I do. I want you in the morning girl I love you, I want you at the moment I feel blue, I'm living for ev'ry moment girl for you. I've loved you from the moment I saw you, You looked at me that's all you had to, I feel it now I hope you feel it too. Because you're sweet and lovely girl I love you, Because you're sweet and lovely girl it's true, I love you more than ever girl I do. I really love you.  Free As A Bird, It's the next best thing to be free as a bird. Home, home and dry Like a homing bird I fly, as a bird on wings Whatever happened to the life that we once knew Can we really live without each other Where did we lose the touch That seemed to mean so much It always made me feel so Free as a bird, It's the next best thing to be, free as a bird. Home home and dry Like a homing bird I fly--a bird on wing Whatever happened to the life that we once knew Always made me feel soooo Free  Free as a bird It's the next best thing to be Free as a bird Free as a bird Free as a bird  If there's anything that you want, If there's anything I can do, Just call on me and I'll send it along with love from me to you.  I've got ev'rything that you want, Like a heart that's oh so true, Just call on me and I'll send it along, With love from me to you.  I've got arms that long to hold you, And keep you by my side, I've got lips that long to kiss you, And keep you satisfied.  If there's anything that you want, If there's anything I can do, Just call on me and I'll send it along, With love from me to you. Just call on me and I'll send it along, With love from me to you.  I've got arms that long to hold you, And keep you by my side, I've got lips that long to kiss you, And keep you satisfied.  If there's anything that you want, If there's anything I can do, Just call on me and I'll send it along, With love from me to you.  Da da da da da dum dum dum Da da da da da dum dum dum Da da da da da dum dum dum  If there's anything that you want If there's anything we can do Just call on us and we'll send it along With love from us to you To you To you To you  Jojo was a man who thought he was a loner But he knew it couldn't last. Jojo left his home in Tucson, Arizona For some California Grass. Get back, get back. Get back to where you once belonged Get back, get back. Get back to where you once belonged. Get back Jojo. Go home Get back, get back. Back to where you once belonged Get back, get back. Back to where you once belonged. Get back Jo. Sweet Loretta Martin thought she was a woman But she was another man All the girls around her say she's got it coming But she gets it while she can. Get back, get back. Get back to where you once belonged Get back, get back. Get back to where you once belonged. Get back Loretta. Go home Get back, get back. Get back to where you once belonged Get back, get back. Get back to where you once belonged. Get home Loretta Your mother's waiting for you Wearing her high-heel shoes And her low-neck sweater Get on home Loretta Get back, get back. Get back to where you once belonged.  It's getting better all the time I used to get mad at my school The teachers who taught me weren't cool Holding me down, turning me round Filling me up with your rules.  I've got to admit it's getting better It's a little better all the time I have to admit it's getting better It's getting better since you've been mine.  Me used to be angry young man Me hiding me head in the sand You gave me the word I finally heard I'm doing the best that I can.  I admit it's getting better It's a little better all the time yes I admit it's getting better It's getting better since you've been mine.  I used to be cruel to my woman I beat her and kept her from the Things that she loved Man I was mean but I'm changing my scene And I'm doing the best that I can.  I admit it's getting better A little better all the time Yes I admit it's getting better It's getting better since you've been mine. Getting so much better all the time.  Is there anybody going to listen to my story, All about the girl who came to stay? She's the kind of girl you want so much it makes you sorry, Still you don't regret a single day. Ah girl, girl. When I think of all the times I tried so hard to leave her, She will turn to me and start to cry, And she promises the earth to me and I believe her, After all this time, I don't know why. Ah girl, girl. She's the kind of girl who puts you down, When friends are there, you feel a fool, When you say she's looking good, She acts as if it's understood, She's cool - oh. Ah girl, girl. Was she told when she was young the pain would lead to pleasure? Did she understand it when they said That a man must break his back to earn his day of leisure, Will she still believe it when he's dead? Ah girl, girl.  Ain't no doubt about it, this must be love. One little kiss from you and I feel glad all over. Oo baby I don't it's silly, but I'm glad all over. Yeah the goosepimples baby. 'cos I feel so good when you call me like you do. And I feel glad all over. Oo mercy, I'm doggone and I'm happy and I'm glad all over. Your touch sewed me like an electric wire. and make love It don't take much luck to see what I've got. But it shows, yes it shows. Come on honey Bonnie, give me one more time. Everytime you do well I feel glad all over. Oo baby, I don't it's silly but I'm glad all over. Tried to tell you how I'm cooking inside when we're cheek to cheek. My temperature is low, fever is high, I can't speak, I'm too weak. Well come on honey Bonnie, give me one more time. Everytime you do well I feel glad all over. Oo baby, I don't it's silly but I'm glad all over. Oo baby, I don't it's silly but I'm glad all over. Oo baby, I don't it's silly but I'm glad all over.  I told you about strawberry fields. You know the place where nothing is real. Well here's another place you can go Where everything flows. Looking through the bent backed tulips To see how the other half live Looking through a glass onion. I told you about the walrus and me – man. You know that we're as close as can be – man. Well here's another clue for you all The walrus was Paul. Standing on the cast iron shore – yeah. Lady Madonna trying to make ends meet – yeah. Looking through a glass onion. Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah Looking through a glass onion. I told you about the fool on the hill. I tell you man he's living there still. Well here's another place you can be. Listen to me. Fixing a hole in the ocean Trying to make a dove-tail joint – yeah Looking through a glass onion.  Once there was a way to get back homeward. Once there was a way to get back home. Sleep pretty darling do not cry, And I will sing a lullaby.  Golden Slumbers fill your eyes, Smiles awake you when you rise. Sleep pretty darling do not cry, And I will sing a lullaby.  Once there was a way to get back homeward. Once there was a way to get back home. Sleep pretty darling do not cry, And I will sing a lullaby.  Good day sunshine, good day sunshine, Good day sunshine. I need to laugh, and when the sun is out, I've got something I can laugh about. I feel good in a special way, I'm in love, and it's sunny day. Good day sunshine, good day sunshine, Good day sunshine. We take a walk, the sun is shining down, Burns my feet as they touch the ground, Good day sunshine, good day sunshine, Good day sunshine. And then we lie beneath a shady tree, I love her and she's loving me. She feels good, she knows she's looking fine, I'm so proud to know that she is mine. Good day sunshine, good day sunshine, Good day sunshine. Good day sunshine, good day sunshine.  Nothing to do to save his life call his wife in Nothing to say but what a day how's your boy been Nothing to do it's up to you I've got nothing to say but it's O.K.  Good morning, good morning, good morning...  Going to work don't want to go feeling loww down Heading for home you start to roam then you're in town Everybody knows there's nothing doing Everything is closed it's like a ruin Everyone you see is half asleep. And you're on your own you're in the street.  After a while you start to smile now you feel cool. Then you decide to take a walk by the old school. Nothing had changed it's still the same I've got nothing to say but it's O.K.  Good morning, good morning, good morning...  People running round it's five o'clock. Everywhere in town it's getting dark. Everyone you see is full of life. It's time for tea and meet the wife.  Somebody needs to know the time, glad that I'm here. Watching theskirts start to flirt now you're in gear. Go to a show you hope she goes. I've got nothing to say but it's O.K.  Good morning, good morning, good morning...  Now it's time to say good night Good night sleep tight. Now the sun turns out his light Good night sleep tight. Dream sweet dreams for me Dream sweet dreams for you. Close your eyes and I'll close mine Good night sleep tight. Now the moon begins to shine Good night sleep. Dream sweet dreams for me Dream sweet dreams for you. Now it's time to say good night Good night sleep tight. Now the sun turns out his light Good night sleep tight. Dream sweet dreams for me Dream sweet dreams for you. Good night good night everybody Everybody everywhere. Good night.  I was alone, I took a ride, I didn't know what I would find there. Another road where maybe I Could see another kind of mind there. Ooh then I suddenly see you, Ooh did I tell you I need you Ev'ry single day of life? You didn't run, you didn't lie, You knew I wanted just to hold you, And had you gone, you knew in time We'd meet again for I had to hold you. Ooh you were meant to be near me, Ooh and I want to hear me, Say we'll be together ev'ry day. Got to get you into my life. What can I do, what can I be? When I'm with you I want to stay there. If I'm true I'll never leave, And if I do I know the way there. Ooh then I suddenly see you, Ooh did I tell you I need you Ev'ry single day of my life? Got to get you into my life. Got to get you into my life. I was alone, I took a ride, I didn't know what I would find there. Another road where maybe I Could see another kind of mind there. Ooh then I suddenly see you, Ooh did I tell you I need you Ev'ry single day of life? What are you doing to my life?  Let me tell you about a girl I know, She's my baby and I love her so. Every morning when the sun comes up, She brings me coffee in my favorite cup. That's why I know, yes I know, Hallelujah I just love her so.  When I call her on the telephone, She says: baby, I'm all alone. By the time I count from one to four, She'll be knocking on my door.  In the evening when the sun goes down And there ain't nobody else around, She kisses me and she holds me tight. She says: baby everything is alright. That's why I know, that's why I know Hallelujah I just love her so. Hallelujah I just love her so, Hallelujah I just love that chick so  She's not a girl who misses much. Do do do do do do do do She's well acquainted with the touch of the velvet hand Like a lizard on a window pane. The man in the crowd with the multicolored mirrors On his hobnail boots Lying with his eyes while his hands are busy Working overtime A soap impression of his wife which he ate And donated to the National Trust. I need a fix 'cause I'm going down. Down to the bits that I left uptown. I need a fix 'cause I'm going down. Mother Superior jump the gun Mother Superior jump the gun Mother Superior jump the gun Mother Superior jump the gun. Happiness is a warm gun Happiness is a warm gun When I hold you in my arms And I feel my finger on your trigger I know no one can do me no harm Because happiness is a warm gun. Yes it is.  It's been a hard day's night, And I've been working like a dog, It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log, But when I get home to you, I find the things that you do, Will make me feel alright.  You know I work all day, To get you money to buy you things, And it's worth it just to hear you say, You're gonna give me ev'rything, So why on earth should I moan, 'Cos when I get you alone, You know I feel okay.  When I'm home ev'rything seems to be right, When I'm home feeling you holding me Tight, tight, yeh.  It's been a hard day's night, And I've been working like a dog, It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log, But when I get home to you, I find the things that you do, Will make me feel alright.  You know I work all day, To get you money to buy you things, And it's worth it just to hear you say, You're gonna give me ev'rything, So why on earth should I moan, 'Cos when I get you alone, You know I feel okay.  When I'm home ev'rything seems to be right, When I'm home feeling you holding me Tight, tight, yeh.  It's been a hard day's night, And I've been working like a dog, It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log, But when I get home to you, I find the things that you do, Will make me feel alright.  Hello little girl, hello little girl, hello little girl. When I see you everyday, I say: mm mm hello little girl. When you're passing on your way I say: mm mm hello little girl. When I see you passing by I cry mm mm hello little girl. When I try to catch your eye I cry mm mm hello little girl. I send you flowers but you don't care. You never seem to see me standing there. I often wonder what you're thinking of. I hope it's me and love love love. So I hope there'll come a day when you'll say: mm you're my little girl. It's not the first time that it's happened to me, It's been a long lonely time and it's funny funny to see that I'm about to lose my mi-mi-ind. So I hope there'll come a day when you say: mm mm you're my little girl, mm mm mm. You're my little girl, mm mm mm. You're my little girl, oh yeah. You're my little girl.  You say yes (you say yes), I say no (I say no), You say stop (you say stop), and I say go, go, go. Oh no.  You say goodbye and I say hello, hello, hello. I don't know why you say goodbye when I say hello, hello, hello. I don't why you say goodbye when I say hello.  I say high (I say high), you say low (you say low). You say why, and I say I don't know. Oh no.  You say goodbye and I say hello, hello, hello. I don't know why you say goodbye when I say hello, hello, hello. I don't know why you say goodbye when I say hello.  Why, why, why, why, why, why, Do you say goodbye. Oh no.  You say goodbye and I say hello, hello, hello. I don't know why you say goodbye when I say hello, hello, hello. I don't know why you say goodbye when I say hello.  You say yes (you say yes), I say no (I say no). I may say yes, but I may mean no, no, no. You say stop and I say go, go, go. I can stay till it's time to go. Oh, oh no.  You say goodbye and I say hello, hello, hello. I don't know why you say goodbye when I say hello, hello, hello. I don't know why you say goodbye when I say hello, hello, hello. I don't know why you say goodbye when I say hello, hello, hello.  Hela, heba, helloa. Oh, oh, oh, oh! Hela, hebo, helloa. Oh, oh, oh, oh! Hela, heba, helloa. Oh, oh, oh, oh!  Help! I need somebody, Help! Not just anybody, Help! You know I need someone, Help!  When I was younger, so much younger than today, I never needed anybody's help in any way, But now these days are gone and I'm not so self assured, Now I find I've changed my mind I've opened up the doors.  Help me if you can, I'm feeling down, And I do appreciate you being around, Help me get my feet back on the ground, Won't you please please help me?  And now my life has changed in oh so many ways, My independence seems to vanish in the haze, But ev'ry now and then I feel so insecure, I know that I just need you like I've never done before.  Help me if you can, I'm feeling down, And I do appreciate you being around, Help me get my feet back on the ground, Won't you please please help me?  When I was younger, so much younger than today, I never needed anybody's help in any way, But now these days are gone and I'm not so self assured, Now I find I've changed my mind I've opened up the doors.  Help me if you can, I'm feeling down, And I do appreciate you being around, Help me get my feet back on the ground, Won't you please please help me? Help me. Help me. Ooh, ooh, ooh!  When I get to the bottom I go back to the top of the slide Where I stop and I turn and I go for a ride Till I get to the bottom and I see you again. Do you, don't you want me to love you. I'm coming down fast but I'm miles above you. Tell me tell me tell me come on tell me the answer. You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer. Helter skelter helter skelter Helter skelter. Will you, won't you want me to make you. I'm coming down fast but don't let me break you. Tell me tell me tell me the answer. You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer. Look out helter skelter helter skelter Helter skelter Look out, cause here she comes. When I get to the bottom I go back to the top of the slide Where I stop and I turn and I go for a ride And I get to the bottom and I see you again. Well do you, don't you want me to love you. I'm coming down fast but don't let me break you. Tell me tell me tell me the answer. You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer. Look out helter skelter helter skelter Helter skelter Look out helter skelter She's coming down fast Yes she is yes she is.  Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl but she Doesn't have a lot to say. Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl but she Changes from day to day. I wanna tell her that I love her a lot, But I gotta get a belly full of wine. Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl, Someday I'm gonna make her mine – Oh yeah, Someday I'm gonna make her mine.  Here comes the sun, here comes the sun, And I say it's all right. Little darling it's been a long cold lonely winter, Little darling it feels like years since it's been here. Here comes the sun, here comes the sun, And I say it's all right. Little darling the smiles returning to their faces, Little darling it seems like it's years since it's been here, Here comes the sun, here comes the sun, And I say it's all right. Sun, sun, sun, here it comes. Sun, sun, sun, here it comes. Sun, sun, sun, here it comes. Sun, sun, sun, here it comes. Little darling I feel that ice is slowly melting, Little darling it seems like years since it's been clear, Here comes the sun, here comes the sun, It's all right, it's all right.  To lead a better life, I need my love to be here. Here, making each day of the year, Changing my life with a wave of her hand. Nobody can deny that there's something there. There, running my hands through her hair, Both of us thinking how good it can be. Someone is speaking but she doesn't know he's there. I want her ev'rywhere, and if she's beside me I know I need never care, But to love her is to meet her ev'rywhere, Knowing that love is to share, Each one believing that love never dies, Watching her eyes and hoping I'm always there. To be there and ev'rywhere, Here, there and ev'rywhere.  Sheep dog standing in the rain. Bull frog doing it again. Some kind of happiness is measured out in miles. What makes you think you're something special when you smile. Child-like, no one understands. Jack-knife in your sweaty hands. Some kind of innocence is measured out in years. You don't know what it's like to listen to your fears. You can talk to me, You can talk to me, You can talk to me, If you're lonely you can talk to me (yeah!) Big man, yeah, walking in the park Wigwam frightened of the dark Some kind of solitude measured out in you. You think you know it but you haven't got a clue. You can talk to me, You can talk to me, You can talk to me, If you're lonely you can talk to me (yeah!) Hey bulldog (woof!), Hey bulldog, Hey bulldog Hey bulldog Hey man What's that, boy?Ê (woof!) What do you say? (I said...woof!) D'y'know any more? Wowu-wa! Ah!Ê (maniacal laughter) You did it, you got it right!Ê That's it! That's it man! Whoo!Ê That's it! You got it! Don't look at me, man, I only had ten children! Quiet boy, quiet!ÊÊ OK, quiet! Hey bulldog...  Hey Jude don't make it bad, Take a sad song and make it better, Remember, to let her into your heart, Then you can start to make it better.  Hey Jude don't be afraid, You were made to go out and get her, The minute you let her under your skin, Then you begin to make it better.  And anytime you feel the pain, Hey Jude refrain, Don't carry the world upon your shoulders.  For well you know that it's a fool, Who plays it cool, By making his world a little colder.  Hey Jude don't let me down, You have found her now go and get her, Remember (Hey Jude) to let her into your heart, Then you can start to make it better.  So let it out and let it in Hey Jude begin, You're waiting for someone to perform with.  And don't you know that it's just you. Hey Jude, you'll do, The movement you need is on your shoulder.  Hey Jude, don't make it bad, Take a sad song and make it better, Remember to let her under your skin, Then you'll begin to make it all better, better, better, better, better, better, better, ah! Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na. Hey Jude, Jude , Jude, Jude, Jude, yeah, yeah! Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na. Hey Jude.  For goodness sake, I've got the hippy hippy shake. I've got the shake, oh the hippy hippy shake. Oo I can't keep still with the hippy hippy shake. I get my fill with that hippy hippy shake. Oo my babe, aw the hippy hippy shake. Well now you shake it to the left, you shake it to the right. Do the hippy shake shake with all of your might. And you shake. Oh you shake. Oo my babe. Aw the hippy hippy shake. Well now you shake it to the left, you shake it to the right. Do the hippy shake shake with all of your might. And you shake. Yes you shake. Oo my babe. Aw the hippy hippy shake. Aw the hippy hippy shake. Yeah the hippy hippy shake. Oh yeah.  It feels so right now, hold me tight, Tell me I'm the only one, And then I might, Never be the lonely one. So hold me tight, to-night, to-night, It's you, You you you - oo-oo - oo-oo. Hold me tight, Let me go on loving you, To-night to-night, Making love to only you, So hold me tight, to-night, to-night, It's you, You you you - oo-oo - oo-oo. Don't know what it means to hold you tight, Being here alone tonight with you, It feels so right now, feels so right now. Hold me tight, Tell me I'm the only one, And then I might, Never be the lonely one, So hold me tight, to-night, to-night, It's you, You you you - oo-oo - oo-oo. Don't know what it means to hold you tight, Being here alone tonight with you, It feels so right now, feels so right now. Hold me tight, Let me go on loving you, To-night to-night, Making love to only you, So hold me tight, to-night, to-night, It's you, You you you - oo-oo - oo-oo.  Well, how come you say you will when you won't? Say you do, baby when you don't Let me know, honey, how you fell Tell the truth now, is love real? so, aw, aw Well, honey don't Well, honey don't Honey don't Honey don't Honey don't I say you will when you won't aw, aw, honey don't Well, I love you, baby, and you ought to know I like the way that you wear your clothes Everything about you is so doggone sweet You got that sand all over your feet so, aw, aw Well, honey don't Honey don't Honey don't Honey don't Honey don't I say you will when you won't aw, aw, honey don't I feel fine Ooo, oo, I say Well Sometimes I love you on a Saturday night Sunday morning you don't look right You been out painting the town Uh huh, baby you been slipping around so, aw, aw Well, honey don't I say, honey don't Honey don't Honey don't Honey don't I say you will when you won't aw, aw, honey don't Well, honey don't Well, honey don't a little, little, honey don't I say, you will when you won't Aw, aw, honey don't  I'm in love but I'm lazy. So won't you please come home. Oh honey pie my position is tragic. Come and show me the magic of your Hollywood Song. You became a legend of the silver screen And now the thought of meeting you Makes me weak in the knee. Oh honey pie you are driving me frantic. Sail across the Atlantic To be where you belong. Will the wind that blew her boat Across the sea Kindly send her sailing back to me. Honey pie you are making me crazy. I'm in love but I'm lazy. So won't you please come home.  I never knew that a day like today lay before us. I've got the sun in my heart and my heart's in the sun. Skies are as bright as your eyes, the horizon is open. Love is the ceiling, feelings are reelings free as the air. Forever on and forever, forever on side by side. who ever knew that we two could be free as we'd fancy, fancy is free but are we bound to each other by love, to each other by love? Who ever knew that we two could be free as we'd fancy, fancy is free but are we bound to each other by love, to each other by love, to each other by love, to each other by love?  How do you do what you do to me? I wish I knew, if I knew how you do it to me I'd do it to you. How do you do what you do to me? I'm feeling blue, wish I knew how you do it to me but I haven't a clue. You give me a feeling in my heart, like an arrow piercing through it. I suppose that you think you're very smart, but won't you tell me how do you do it? How do you do what you do to me? I wish I knew, if I knew how you do it to me I'd do it to you. You give me a feeling in my heart, like an arrow piercing through it. I suppose that you think you're very smart, but won't you tell me how do you do it? How do you do what you do to me? I wish I knew, wish I knew how you do it to me I'd do it to you. Wish I knew how you do it to me, I'd do it to you. Wish I knew how you do it to me, I'd do it to you  I am he As you are he As you are me And we are all together.  See how they run Like pigs from a gun See how they fly. I'm crying. Sitting on a cornflake - waiting for the van to come.  Corporation teeshirt, stupid bloody Tuesday man you been a naughty boy You let your face grow long.  I am the eggman oh, they are the eggman - Oh I am the walrus goog goog g'joob.  Mr. City policeman sitting pretty little policeman in a row, See how they fly Like Lucy in the sky See how they run. I'm crying - I'm crying I'm crying.  Yellow matter custard dripping from a dead dog's eye. Crabalocker fishwife pornographic Priestess boy you been a naughty girl, You let your knickers down.  I am the eggman oh, they are the eggmen - Oh I am the walrus goog goog g'joob.  Sitting in an English garden waiting for the sun, If the sun don't come, you get a tan from Standing in the English rain.  I am the eggman, oh, they are the eggmen - Oh I am the walrus goog goog g'joob.  Expert texpert choking smokers Don't you think the joker laughs at you? Ha ha ha! See how they smile, Like pigs in a sty, See how they snied. I'm crying.  Semoline pilchards climbing up the Eiffel Tower. Elementary penguin singing Hare Krishna Man you should have seen them kicking Edgar Allen Poe.  I am the eggman oh, they are they eggmen - Oh I am the walrus goog goog g'joob goog goog g'joob joob goog goog g'joob.  I call your name, but you're not there. Was I to blame for being unfair? Oh, I can't sleep at night since you've been gone, I never weep at night, I can't go on.  Well, don't you know I can't take it? I don't know who can. I'm not goin' to make it, I'm not that kind of man.  Oh, I can't sleep at night since you've been gone, I never weep at night, I call your name. Well, don't you know I can't take it? I don't kow who can.  I'm goin' to make it, I'm not that kind of man. Oh, I can't sleep at night since you've been gone, I never weep at night, I call your name. I call your name.  I don't want to spoil the party so I'll go, I would hate for my disappointment to show, There's nothing for me here so I will disappear, If she turns up while I'm gone please let me know. I've had a drink or two and I don't care, There's no fun in what I do if she's not there, I wonder what went wrong I've waited far too long, I think I'll take a walk and look for her. Though tonight she's made me sad, I still love her. If I find her I'll be glad, I still love her. I don't want to spoil the party so I'll go, I would hate for my disappointment to show, There's nothing for me here so I will disappear, If she turns up while I'm gone please let me know. Though tonight she's made me sad, I still love her. If I find her I'll be glad, I still love her. I've had a drink or two and I don't care, There's no fun in what I do if she's not there, I wonder what went wrong I've waited far too long, I think I'll take a walk and look for her.  Baby's good to me, you know, She's happy as can be, you know, She said so. I'm in love with her and I feel fine. Baby says she's mine you know, She tells me all the time you know, She said so. I'm in love with her and I feel fine. I'm so glad that she's my little girl, She's so glad she's telling all the world, That her baby buys her things you know, He buys her diamond rings you know, She said so. She's in love with me and I feel fine. I'm so glad that she's my little girl, She's so glad she's telling all the world, That her baby buys her things you know, He buys her diamond rings you know, She said so. She's in love with me and I feel fine.  I forgot to remember to forget her, I can't seem to get her off my mind. I thought I'd never miss her, but I've found out somehow I think about her almost all the time. Well the day she went away I made myself I promise that I'd soon forget we'd ever met. But something sure is wrong 'cos I'm so blue and lonely: I forgot to remember to forget. Well the day she went away I made myself I promise that I'd soon forget we'd ever met. But something sure is wrong 'cos I'm so blue and lonely: I forgot to remember to forget.  Well I got a woman way across town, she's good to me, ohoh yeah. Say I got a woman way across town, she's good to me. Oh yeah. She gives me money everytime I need, yes. You know she's the kind of friend indeed. Say I got a woman way across town, she's good to me oh yeah. She says she loves me early in the morning, just for me. Oh yeah. She says she loves me early in the morning just for me, oh yeah. She says she loves me just for me, yeah. You know she loves me, sometime I leave. I got a woman way across town, she's good to me, oh yeah. Awww. She says she loves me all day and night never grumbles or fusses, she just treats me right. Never running in the streets, leaving me alone. She's knows a woman's place right back there hanging by the home. Well I got a woman way across town she's good to me, oh yeah. Well I've got a woman, way across town, She's good to me, oh yeah. Well she's my baby 'cos she's understands I'm her loving man. I got a woman way across town, she's good to me oh yeah. Says she's all right, says she's all right. I got a woman way across town, she's good to me oh yeah.  I'm gonna search this town, from door to door. The love I crave I can't find no more. I got to find my baby, I declare there ain't no lie. I ain't had no real good loving since that woman said goodbye. You know I hate to see the sun sinking to the west, 'cos I know my whole life's gonna be one solid mess. I got to find my baby, I declare there ain't no lie. I ain't had no real good loving since that woman said goodbye. Well ever since the day that she said we were through, I've been nervous and shook up too. I got to find my baby, I declare there ain't no lie. I had no real good loving since that woman said goodbye. Well I don't care if the last thing I ever do in my life, is to find that little woman make her my wife. I got to find my baby, I declare there ain't no lie. I had no real good loving since that woman said goodbye.  Well you call me your baby when you're holding my hand, But the way that you hurt me I just don't understand. Well you say that you need me like an ocean needs sand. But the way you deceive me I just don't understand. Well you know that I love you more than anyone can. But a one sided love I just don't understand. Well you know that I love you more than anyone can. But a one sided love I just don't understand. Well you call me your baby when you're holding my hand, Oh how you can hurt me I just can't understand.  All thru' the day I me mine, I me mine, I me mine. All thru' the night I me mine, I me mine, I me mine. Now they're frightened of leaving it, Ev'ryone's weaving it, Coming on strong all the time, All thru' the day I me mine. I-I me-me mine, I-I me-me mine, I-I me-me mine, I-I me-me mine. All I can hear I me mine, I me mine, I me mine. Even those tears I me mine, I me mine, I me mine. No-one's frightened of playing it, ev'ryone's saying it. Flowing more freely than wine, All thru' the day I me mine. I-I me-me mine, I-I me-me mine. I-I me-me mine, I-I me-me mine. All I can hear I me mine, I me mine, I me mind. Even those tears I me mine, I me mine, I me mine. No-one's frightened of playing it, ev'ryone's saying it, All thru' your life I me mine.  You don't realize how much I need you, Love you all the time and never leave you, Please come back to me, I'm lonely as can be.  Said you had a thing or two to tell me, How was I to know you would upset me. I didn't realize as I looked in your eyes, I need you.  You told me, oh yes you told me You don't want my lovin' anymore. That's when it hurt me and feeling like this I just don't go on anymore.  Please remember how I feel about you, I could never really live without you, So, come on back and see Just what you mean to me I need you I need you.  Tell them I remember you  I remember too a distant bell And stars that dwell Like the rain out of the blue  When my life is through And the angels ask me to recall The thrill of it all Then I will tell them I remember you  I remember too a distant bell And stars that dwell Like the rain out of the blue  When my life is through And the angels ask me to recall The thrill of it all Then I will tell them I remember you  I remember too a distant bell And stars that dwell Like the rain out of the blue  When my life is through And the angels ask me to recall The thrill of it all Then I will tell them I remember Tell them I remember Tell them I remember Tell them I remember you  Well, she was just seventeen, You know what I mean, And the way she looked was way beyond compare, So how could I dance with another, Oh when I saw her standing there Well she looked at me, And I, I could see, That before too long I'd fall in love with her, She wouldn't dance with another, Oh when I saw her standing there. Well my heart went boom when I crossed that room, And I held her hand in mine. Oh we danced through the night, And we held each other tight, And before too long I fell in love with her, Now I'll never dance with another, Oh when I saw her standing there. Well my heart went boom when I crossed that room, And I held her hand in mine. Oh we danced through the night, And we held each other tight, And before too long I fell in love with her, Now I'll never dance with another, Oh since I saw her standing there. Oh since I saw her standing there.  I should have known better with a girl like you, That I would love everything that you do, And I do, hey hey, and I do. Whoa, whoa, I never realised what a kiss could be, This could only happen to me, Can't you see, can't you see? That when I tell you that I love you, oh, You're gonna say you love me too hoo hoo Hoo hoo, oh, And when I ask you to be mine, You're gonna say you love me too. So, oh, I should have realised a lot of things before, If this is love you;ve got to give me more, Give me more, hey hey, give me more. Whoa, whoa, I mever realised what a kiss could be, This could only happen to me, Can't you see, can't you see? That when I tell you that I love you, oh, You're gonna say you love me too, oh And when I ask you to be mine, You're gonna say you love me too. You love me too, You love me too.  I wanna be your lover baby, I wanna be your lover baby, I wanna be your man, I wanna be your lover baby, I wanna be your man. Tell me that you love me baby, Like no other can. Love me like no other baby, Like no other can. I wanna be your man, I wanna be your man. Tell me that you love me baby, Tell me you understand, Tell me that you love me baby, I wanna be your man. I wanna be your lover baby, I wanna be your man. I wanna be your lover baby, I wanna be your man. I wanna be your man. I wanna be your man. I wanna be your lover baby, I wanna be your man, I wanna be your lover baby, I wanna be your man. Tell me that you love me baby, Like no other can, Love me like no other baby, Like no other can. I wanna be your man, I wanna be your man.  Oh yeh, I'll tell you something, I think you'll understand, Then I'll say that something, I wanna hold your hand, I wanna hold your hand, I wanna hold your hand. Oh please say to me You'll let me be your man, And please say to me, You'll let me hold your hand, Now let me hold your hand, I wanna hold your hand. And when I touch you I feel happy inside, It's such a feeling That my love I can't hide, I can't hide, I can't hide. Yeh, you got that something, I think you'll understand, When I feel that something, I wanna hold your hand, I wanna hold your hand, I wanna hold your hand. And when I touch you I feel happy inside, It's such a feeling That my love I can't hide, I can't hide, I can't hide. Yeh, you got that something, I think you'll understand, When I feel that something, I wanna hold your hand, I wanna hold your hand, I wanna hold your hand.  I want to tell you, My head is filled with things to say, When you're here, All those words they seem to slip away. When I get near you, The games begin to drag me down, It's alright, I'll make you maybe next time around. But if I seem to act unkind, It's only me, it's not my mind, That is confusing things. I want to tell you, I feel hung up and I don't know why, I don't mind, I could wait for ever, I've got time. Sometimes I wish I knew you well, Then I could speak my mind and tell you Maybe you'd understand. I want to tell you, I feel hung up and I don't know why, I don't mind, I could wait for ever, I've got time. I've got time.  I want you I want you so bad I want you, I want you so bad It's driving me mad, it's driving me mad. I want you I want you so bad babe I want you, I want you so bad It's driving me mad, it's driving me mad. Yeah. I want you I want you so bad babe I want you, I want you so bad It's driving me mad, it's driving me mad. I want you I want you so bad I want you, I want you so bad It's driving me mad, it's driving me mad. Yeah. She's so heavy heavy.  Who knows how long I've loved you. You know I love you still. Will I wait a lonely lifetime If you want me to – I will.  For if I ever saw you I didn't catch your name. But it never really mattered I will always feel the same.  Love you forever and forever. Love you with all my heart. Love you whenever we're together. Love you when we're apart.  And when at last I find you Your song will fill the air Sing it loud so I can hear. Make it easy to be near you.  For the things you do endear you to me You know I will. I will.  You know if you break my heart, I'll go but I'll be back again, 'Cos I told you once before good-bye, but I came back again, I love you so - oh, I'm the one who wants you oh, oh.  You could find better things to do, than to break my heart again, This time I will try to show that I'm not trying to pretend, I thought that you would realize, That if I ran away from you, That you would want me too, But I got a big surprise oh, oh.  Oh, you could find better things to do than to break my heart again, This time I will try to show that I'm not trying to pretend, I wanna go, but I hate to leave you, You know, I hate to leave you oh, oh.  Oh, you if you break my heart, I'll go, But I'll be back again.  The sun is fading away, that's the end of the day. As the Junelight turns to moonlight I'll be on my way. Just one kiss, then I'll go. Don't hide the tears that don't show. As the Junelight turns to moonlight I'll be on my way... ...to where the winds don't blow and golden rivers flow. This way will I go. They were right, I was wrong. True love didn't last long. As the Junelight turns to moonlight I'll be on my way. To where the winds don't blow and golden rivers flow. This way will I go. They were right, I was wrong. True love didn't last long. As the Junelight turns to moonlight I'll be on my way, hey. I'll be on my way, ooh. I'll be on my way, ooh. I'll be on my way.  I've got every reason on earth to be mad, 'Cos I've just lost the only girl I had.  If I could get my way, I'd get myself locked up today, But I can't, so I'll cry instead.  I've got a chip on my shoulder That's bigger than my feet. I can't talk to people that I meet.  If I could see you now, I'd try to make you sad somehow, But I can't, so I'll cry instead.  Don't want to cry when there's people there, I get shy when they start to stare. I'm gonna hide myself away-ay-hay, But I'll be back again someday.  And when I do you better hide all the girls, I'm gonna break their hearts all round the world, Yes, I'm gonna break them in two and Show you what your lovin' man can do, Until then I'll cry instead.  Don't want to cry when there's people there, I get shy when I start to stare. I'm gonna hide myself away-ay-hay, But I'll come back someday.  And when I do you better hide all the girls, I'm gonna break their hearts all round the world, Yes, I'm gonna break them in two and Show you what your lovin' man can do, Until then I'll cry instead.  One day you'll look and see I've gone, For tomorrow may rain so I'll follow the sun. Some day you'll know I was the one, But tomorrow may rain so I'll follow the sun.  And now the time has come so my love I must go, And though I lose a friend in the end you will know, oh One day you'll find that I have gone, For tomorrow may rain so I'll follow the sun.  And now the time has come so my love I must go, And though I lose a friend in the end you will know, oh One day you'll look and see I've gone, For tomorrow may rain so I'll follow the sun.  Oh yeh, oh yeh.  Imagine, I'm in love with you, It's easy 'cos I know, I've imagined I'm in love with you, Many, many, many times before.  It's not like me to pretend, But I'll get you in the end, Yes I will, I'll get you in the end, oh yeh, oh yeh.  I think about you night and day, I need you 'cos it's true. When I think about you, I can say, I'm never, never, never, never blue.  So I'm telling you, my friend, That I'll get you, I'll get you in the end, Yes I will, I'll get you in the end, oh yeh, oh yeh.  Well, there's gonna be a time, Well I'm gonna change your mind. So you might as well resign yourself to me, oh yeh.  Imagine, I'm in love with you, It's easy 'cos I know, I've imagined I'm in love with you, Many, many, many times before.  It's not like me to pretend, But I'll get you in the end, Yes I will, I'll get you in the end, oh yeh, oh yeh.  I'm a loser, I'm a loser, And I'm not what I appear to be. Of all the love I have won or have lost, There is one love I should never have crossed. She was a girl in a million my friend, I should have known she would win in the end. I'm a loser, and I lost someone who's near to me, I'm a loser, and I'm not what I appear to be. Although I laugh and I act like a clown, Beneath this mask I am wearing a frown, My tears are falling like rain from the sky, Is it for her or myself that I cry. I'm a loser, and I lost someone who's near to me, I'm a loser, and I'm not what I appear to be. What I have done to deserve such a fate, I realize I have left it too late. And so it's true pride comes before a fall, I'm telling you so that you won't lose all. I'm a loser, and I lost someone who's near to me, I'm a loser, and I'm not what I appear to be.  You tell lies thinking I can't see, You can't cry 'cos you're laughing at me, I'm down (I'm really down), I'm down (down on the ground), I'm down (I'm really down). How can you laugh, When you know I'm down? (How can you laugh?). Man buys ring woman throws it away, Same old thing happens ev'ry day, I'm down (I'm really down), I'm down (down on the ground), I'm down (I'm really down). How can you laugh, When you know I'm down? (How can you laugh?). We're all alone and there's nobody else, You still moan 'Keep your hands to yourself', I'm down (I'm really down), I'm down (down on the ground), I'm down (I'm really down). How can you laugh, When you know I'm down? (How can you laugh?). Oh yeah.  I'm gonna sit right down and cry over you I'm gonna sit right down and cry over you And if you ever say goodbye And if you ever even try I'm gonna sit right down and cry over you I'm gonna love you more and more every day I'm gonna love you more and more every way And if you ever say goodbye And if you ever even try I'm gonna sit right down and cry over you I'm gonna tell your Mama Tell your Papa too So they'll know exactly what I'm gonna do If you ever say goodbye If you ever even try I'm gonna sit right down and cry over you Wah-hoo! I'm gonna tell your Mama Tell your Papa too So they'll know exactly what I'm gonna do If you ever say goodbye If you ever even try I'm gonna sit right down and cry over you I'm gonna sit right down and cry over you I'm gonna sit right down and cry over you  Before this dance is through, I think I'll love you too, I'm so happy when you dance with me. I don't wanna kiss or hold your hand, If it's funny, try an' understand. There is nothing else I'd rather do, 'Cos I'm happy just to dance with you. I don't need to hug or hold you tight, I just wanna dance with you all night, In this world there's nothing I would rather do, 'Cos I'm happy just to dance with you. Just to dance with you is everything I need, Before this dance is through, I think I'll love you too, I'm so happy when you dance with me. If somebody tries to take my place, Let's pretend, we just can't see his face. In this world there's nothing I would rather do, 'Cos I'm happy just to dance with you. Just to dance with you is everything I need, Before this dance is through, I think I'll love you too, I'm so happy when you dance with me. If somebody tries to take my place, Let's pretend, we just can't see his face. In this world there's nothing I would rather do, I've discovered I'm in love with you. Oh, oh 'cos I'm happy just to dance with you. Oh, oh.  I'm looking through you, where did you go? I thought I knew you, what did I know? You don't look different, but you have changed, I'm looking through you, you're not the same. Your lips are moving, I cannot hear, Your voice is soothing but the words aren't clear. You don't sound different, I've learnt the game, I'm looking through you, you're not the same. Why, tell me why did you not treat me right? Love has a nasty habit of disappearing overnight, You're thinking of me the same old way, You were above me, but not today. The only difference is you're down there. I'm looking through you and you're nowhere. Why tell me why did you not treat me right? Love has a nasty habit of disappearing overnight, I'm looking through you, where did you go? I thought I knew you, what did I know? You don't look different, but you have changed, I'm looking through you, you're not the same. Yeh, I tell you you've changed.  When I wake up early in the morning, Lift my head, I'm still yawning. When I'm in the middle of a dream, Stay in bed, float up stream (float up stream), Please don't wake me, no, don't shake me, Leave me where I am, I'm only sleeping.  Everybody seems to think I'm lazy. I don't mind, I think they're crazy Running everywhere at such a speed, Till they find there's no need (there's no need), Please don't spoil my day, I'm miles away, And after all, I'm only sleeping.  Keeping an eye on the world going by my window, Taking my time, lying there and staring at the ceiling, Waiting for a sleepy feeling. Please don't spoil my day, I'm miles away, And after all, I'm only sleeping.  Keeping an eye on the world going by my window, Taking my time.  When I wake up early in the morning, Lift my head, I'm still yawning. When I'm in the middle of a dream, Staying in bed, float up stream (float up stream), Please don't wake me, no, don't shake me, Leave me where I am, I'm only sleeping.  I'm so tired, I haven't slept a wink, I'm so tired, my mind is on the blink. I wonder should I get up and fix myself a drink. No, no, no. I'm so tired I don't know what to do. I'm so tired my mind is set on you. I wonder should I call you but I know what you'd do. You'd say I'm putting you on. But it's no joke, it's doing me harm. You know I can't sleep, I can't stop my brain You know it's three weeks, I'm going insane. You know I'd give you everything I've got For a little peace of mind. I'm so tired, I'm feeling so upset Although I'm so tired I'll have another cigarette And curse Sir Walter Raleigh. He was such a stupid git.  Who knows how to love me (talkin' about you) In my way (talkin' about you) Nobody but you (talkin' about you) Talkin' about you (talkin' about you) You know how to love me In my way Nobody but you I do mean you, you, you! Know how to love me In my way You're always there Every night and day Nobody but you I do mean you Talkin' 'bout you Whoa-oh yeah  I'm gonna talk Talk about you Every day Every night You know on Monday I'm gonna talk On Tuesday I'm gonna talk All day Wednesday I'm gonna talk  Every day (hey-ay-ay-ay) Every night (hey-ay-ay-ay) It's alright (hey-ay-ay-ay) Gonna talk (hey-ay-ay-ay) Talkin' 'bout (hey-ay-ay-ay) Tell my brother (hey-ay-ay-ay) Tell my mother (hey-ay-ay-ay) Tell my sister (hey-ay-ay-ay) Tell my father (hey-ay-ay-ay)  Come on (shout) You make me (shout) You make me (shout) You're makin' me (shout) Feel like I wanna (shout) Jump up now (shout) Come on now (shout) Everybody (shout) Everybody (shout) I'm feelin' (shout) That I wanna (shout)  I've got a feeling, a feeling deep inside Oh yeah, Oh yeah. I've got a feeling, a feeling I can't hide Oh no, Oh no, Oh no, Yeah I've got a feeling. Oh please believe me I'd hate to miss the train Oh yeah, Oh yeah. And if you leave me I won't be late again Oh no, Oh no, Oh no. Yeah I've got a feeling yeah. All these years I've been wandering around, Wondering how come nobody told me All that I was looking for was somebody Who looked like you. Ev'rybody had a hard year Ev'rybody had a good time Ev'rybody had a wet dream, Ev'rybody saw the sunshine Oh yeah, Oh yeah, Oh yeah. Ev'rybody had a good year, Ev'rybody let their hair down, Ev'rybody pulled their socks up, Ev'rybody put their foot down. Oh yeah, Oh yeah, Oh yeah.  I've just seen a face I can't forget the time or place where we just met, She's just the girl for me and I want all the world to see we've met. Mm mm  Had it been another day I might have looked the other ways and, I'd have never been aware but as it is I'll dream of her tonight. Da da  Falling, yes I am falling, And she keeps calling me back again.  I have never known the like of this I've been alone and I have, Missed things and kept out of sight for other girls were never quite like this. Da da  Falling, yes I am falling, And she keeps calling me back again. Mm mm  I've just seen a face I can't forget the time or place where we met, She's just the girl for me and I want all the world to see we've met. Mm mm  Falling, yes I am falling, And she keeps calling me back again.  If I fell in love with you would you promise to be true, And help me understand? 'Cos I've been in love before, and I found that love was more, Than just holding hands.  If I give my heart to you, I must be sure from the very start, That you would love me more than her.  If I trust in you, oh please, Don't run and hide, If I love you too, oh please don't hurt my pride like her.  'Cos I couldn't stand the pain, And I would be sad if our new love was in vain. So I hope you see, That I would love to love you, And that she will cry when she learns we are two.  'Cos I couldn't stand the pain, And I would be sad if our new love was in vain. So I hope you see, That I would love to love you, And that she will cry when she learns we are two.  If I fell in love with you.  If I needed someone to love you're the one that I'd be thinking of If I needed someone if I had some more time to spend Then I guess I'd be with you my friend if I needed someone Had you come some other day then it might not have been like this But you see now I'mm too much in love Carve your number on my wall and maybe you will get a call from me If I needed someone Ah Ah Ah Ah Had you come some other day then it might not have been like this But you see now I'm too much in love Carve your number on my wall and maybe you will get a call from me If I needed someone Ah Ah Ah Ah  If you've got trouble, Then you got less trouble than me You say you're worried, You can't be as worried as me  You're quite contend to be bad With all the vantage you had over me Just cause your trouble And don't bring your troubles to me  I dont think it's funny When you ask for money and things, Especially when you're standing there Wearing diamond and rings  You think I'm soft in the head Well try someone softer instead anything It's not so funny When you know what money can bring  You better leave me alone, I don't need a thing from you You better take yourself home Go and count a ring or two  If you've got trouble, Then you got less trouble than me You say you're worried, You can't be as worried as me  You're quite contend to be bad With all the vantage you had over me Just cause your trouble And don't bring your troubles to me  Ah rock on Anybody  You better leave me alone, I don't need a thing from you You better take yourself home Go and count a ring or two  If you've got trouble, Then you got less trouble than me You say you're worried, You can't be as worried as me  You're quite contend to be bad With all the vantage you had over me Just cause your trouble And don't bring your troubles to me Just cause your trouble And don't bring your troubles to me  There are places I remember All my life, though some have changed, Some forever, not for better, Some have gone and some remain. All these places had their moments, With lovers and friends I still can recall, Some are dead and some are living, In my life I've loved them all. But of all these friends and lovers, There is no one compared with you, And these mem'ries lose their meaning When I think of love as something new. Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before, I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I love you more. Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before, I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I love you more. In my life I love you more.  In spite of all the danger, in spite of all that may be I'll do anything for you, anything you want me to, if you'll be true to me.  In spite of all the heartache, that you may cause me, I'll do anything for you, anything you want me to, if you'll be true to me.  I'll look after you like I've never done before. I'll keep all the others from knocking at your door.  In spite of all the danger, in spite of all that may be, I'll do anything for you, anything you want me to, if you'll be true to me.  In spite of all the heartache that you may cause me, I'll do anything for you, anything you want me to, if you'll be true to me. I'll do anything for you, anything you want me to, if you'll be true to me.  Without going out of my door I can know all things on earth. Without looking out of my window I could know the ways of heaven. The farther one travels, The less one knows, The less one knows. Without going out of my door I can know all things on earth. Without looking out of my window I could know the ways of heaven. The farther one travels, The less one knows, The less one knows. Arrive without travelling. See all without looking. (See all without looking).  It won't be long yeh, yeh, It won't be long yeh, yeh, It won't be long yeh, yeh, Till I belong to you. Ev'ry night when ev'rybody has fun, Here I am sitting all on my own. It won't be long yeh, yeh, It won't be long yeh, yeh, It won't be long yeh, yeh, Till I belong to you. Since you left me I'm so alone, Now you're coming, you're coming home, I'll be good like I know I should, You're coming home, you're coming home. Ev'ry night the tears come down from my eyes, Ev'ry day I've done nothing but cry. It won't be long yeh, yeh, Since you left me I'm so alone, Now you're coming, you're coming home, I'll be good like I know I should, You're coming home, you're coming home. Ev'ry day we'll be happy, I know, Now that I know you won't leave me no more. It won't be long yeh, yeh.  It's all too much It's all too much When I look into your eyes Your love in there for me And the more I go inside The more there is to see. It's all too much for me to take The love that's shining all around you Everywhere it's like what you make for us to take it's all too much Floating down the stream of time From life to life with me Makes no difference where you are or where you'd like to be. It's all too much for me to take The love that's shining all around here. All the world is birthday cake so take a piece but not too much. Sail me on a silver sun Where I know that I am free Show me that I'm everywhere and get me home for tea. It's all too much for me to take There's plenty there for everybody The more you give the more you get The more it is it's too much. It's all too much for me to see The love that's shining all around you The more I learn the less I know But what I do is all too much for me to take The love that's shining all around you Everywhere it's what you make for us to take it's all too much. It's much, it's much. It's too much Ah! It's too much You are too much ah! We are dead ah! Too much, too much, too much-a-FADE  I get high when I see you go by, My oh my, When you sigh, my, my inside just flies, Butterflies, Why am I so shy when I'm beside you? It's only love and that is all, Why should I feel the way I do? It's only love and that is all, But it's so hard loving you. Is it right that you and I should fight Every night? Just the sight of you makes night time bright, Very bright. Haven't I the right to make it up, girl? It's only love and that is all, Why should I feel the way I do? It's only love and that is all, But it's so hard loving you. Yes, it's so hard loving you, oh.  Deep down in Louisiana close to New Orleans, way back up in the woods among the evergreens, there stand a country cabin made of clay and wood, where lives a young country boy named Johnny B. Goode, he never ever learned to read or write a book so well, but he could play his guitar just like a-ringing a bell. Go go, go Johnny go go go! Go Johnny go go go! Go Johnny go go go! Go Johnny go go go! aah Johnny B. Goode! He used to carry his guitar in a gunny sack, sit beneath the trees by the railroad track. Oh sitting and a-playing in the shade, drumming to the rhythm that the drivers made. People passing by used to stop and say: my oh my, that country boy can play. Go go, go Johnny go go go! Go Johnny go go go! Go Johnny go go go! Go Johnny go go go! Aah Johnny B. Goode! Well his mama told him: someday you will be a man. And you will be the leader of a big old band. Many people coming from miles around, to hear you play your music till the sun goes down. Maybe some day your name will be in light, saying: Johnny B. Goode tonight! Go go, go Johnny go go go! Go Johnny go go go! Go Johnny go go go! Go Johnny go go go! aah Johnny B. Goode!  Half of what I say is meaningless But I say it just to reach you, Julia. Julia, Julia, oceanchild, calls me So I sing a song of love, Julia Julia, seashell eyes, windy smile, calls me So I sing a song of love, Julia. Her hair of floating sky is shimmering, Glimmering, In the sun. Julia, Julia, morning moon, touch me So I sing a song of love, Julia. When I cannot sing my heart I can only speak my mind, Julia. Julia, sleeping sand, silent cloud, touch me So I sing a song of love, Julia. Hum hum hum hum… calls me So I sing a song of love for Julia, Julia, Julia.  Motorcars, handlebars, bicycles for two Broken hearted jubilee Parachutes, army boots, sleeping bags for two Na na na na jamboree Buy buy... Motorcars, handlebars, bicycles for two Broken hearted jubilee Parachutes, army boots, sleeping bags for you Na na na jamboree Buy buy... ... the shop window Why why, says the sign in the yard Buy buy, says the sign in the shop window Why why, says the junk in the yard  Ah, Kansas City coming to get my baby back home yeah, yeah I'm gonna Kansas City coming to get my baby back home yeah, yeah Well, it's a long, long, time since my baby's been gone Ah, Kansas City coming to get my baby on time yeah, yeah I'm gonna Kansas City coming to get my baby on time yeah, yeah  It's just a one, two, three, four five, six, seven, eight, nine, wah  Hey, hey, hey, hey hey, baby, you're no clown I say you're no clown Now, now, now, now, Tell me baby What's been wrong with you Hey, hey, hey, hey hey, baby, you're no clown I say you're no clown Now, now, now, now, Tell me baby What's been wrong with you Well, I'll say bye bye, bye, baby bye, bye Oh, so long Bye, bye, baby I'm gone Yeah, I said bye, bye, baby, bye, bye bye, bye, bye, bye Well, I'll say bye bye, bye, baby bye, bye Oh, so long Bye, bye, baby I'm gone Yeah, I said bye, bye, baby, bye, bye bye, bye, bye, bye  We've been friends for oh so long, I won't let you share what's mine. When you mess with the girl I love, it's time to draw the line. Keep your hands off my baby. Ain't a-gonna tell you one more time. So keep your hands off my baby, for it's gonna do you in: that girl is mine. I don't mind if you lend my clothes, ...much There is something that you can't say. There's one thing you don't touch. Keep your hands off my baby. Ain't a-gonna tell you one more time. So keep your hands off my baby, for it's really gonna do you in: that girl is mine. Keep your hands off my baby. Ain't a-gonna tell you one more time. So keep your hands off my baby, for it's really gonna do you in: that girl is mine. Oh keep your hands off my baby, she's mine. Keep your hands off my baby. You'd better watch your step now for it's really gonna do you in: that girl is mine  Oh, komm doch, Komm zu mir, Du nimmst mir den Verstand. Oh, komm doch, Komm zu mir, Komm gib mir deine Hand. Komm gib mir deine Hand. Komm gib mir deine Hand. Oh, du bist so schön, Schön wie ein Diamant, Ich will mit dir gehen, Komm gib mir deine Hand. Komm gib mir deine Hand. Komm gib mir deine Hand. In deinen Armen bin ich glücklich und froh; Das war noch nie bei einer andern Einmal so. Einmal so. Einmal so. Oh, komm doch, . . . In deinen Armen bin ich glücklich und froh; . . . Oh, du bist so schön, . . .  Lady Madonna children at your feet Wonder how you manage to make ends meet. Who finds the money when you pay the rent? Did you think that money was heaven sent?  Friday night arrives without a suitcase Sunday morning creeping like nun Monday's child has learned to tie his bootlace. See how they'll run.  Lady Madonna baby at your breast Wonder how you manage to feed the rest. See how they'll run. Lady Madonna lying on the bed Listen to the music playing in your head.  Tuesday afternoon is never ending Wedn'sday morning papers didn't come Thursday night your stockings needed mending. See how they'll run. Lady Madonna children at your feet Wonder how you manage to make ends meet.  You better leave my kitten all alone, you better leave my kitten all alone. But I told you big fat bulldog, you better leave her alone. You better leave my kitten all alone, you better leave my kitten all alone. This dog is gonna get you if you don't leave her alone. Well Mr.Dog I'm gonna hit you on the top of your head. That child is gonna miss you, you gonna wish that you were dead. If you don't leave my kitten all alone. Well I told you big fat bulldog, you better leave her alone. Well Mr.Dog I'm gonna hit you on the top of your head. That girl is gonna miss you, you gonna wish that you were dead. If you don't leave my kitten all alone, oh yeah. Well I told you, big fat bulldog, you better leave her alone. Hey hey you better leave, you better leave, you better leave, yeah you better leave, you better leave, oh you got to leave...  Lend me your comb, it's time to go home. I got to go past, my hair is a mess Your mammie will scold, your pappie will shout. Unless we come in the way we went out. Kissing you was fun honey but thanks for the date. But I must come to run honey, but you know baby it's getting late. Just wait till I say: my darling, lend me your comb. We got to go home. Kissing you was fun honey but thanks for the date. But I must come to run, honey. but sugar, it's getting late. Just wait till I say: my darling, lend me your comb. We got to go home.  When I find myself in times of trouble Mother Mary comes to me Speaking words of wisdom, let it be.  And in my hour of darkness She is standing right in front of me Speaking words of wisdom, let it be.  Let it be, let it be, Whisper words of wisdom, let it be.  And when the broken hearted people Living in the world agree, There will be an answer, let it be.  For though they may be parted there is Still a chance that they will see There will be an answer, let it be.  Let it be, let it be. Yeah There will be an answer, let it be.  And when the night is cloudy, There is still a light that shines on me, Shine until tomorrow, let it be.  I wake up to the sound of music, Mother Mary comes to me, Speaking words of wisdom, let it be.  Let it be, let it be. There will be an answer, let it be. Let it be, let it be, Whisper words of wisdom, let it be. Let it be, let it be. There will be an answer, let it be.  (One, two) (One, two, three, four)  Hey baby won't you take a chance? Say that you'll let me have this dance  Well let's dance, well let's dance We'll do the twist, the stomp, the mashed potato too, Any old dance that you wanna do But let's dance, well let's dance  Hey baby, yeah, you thrill me so Hold me tight, don't you let me go  But let's dance, well let's dance We'll do the twist, the stomp, the mashed potato too Any old dance that you wanna do But let's dance, well let's dance  Ok, wail now..... oh, yeah  Hey, baby, if you're all alone Maybe you'll let me walk you home  But let's dance, well let's dance We'll do the twist, the stomp, the mashed potato too, Any old dance that you wanna do But let's dance, well let's dance  Hey, baby, things are swingin' right Yes, i know that this is the night  Well let's dance, well let's dance We'll do the twist, the stomp, the mashed potato too Any old dance that you wanna do But let's dance, well let's dance  But let's dance But let's dance But let's dance  I-I saw a girl in my dreams and so it seems that I will love her. Oh you, you are that girl in my dreams and so it seems that I will love you. And I waited for your kiss, waited for the bliss like dreamers do. And I-I-I-I, oh I'll be there, yeah waiting for you you you you you. You, you came just one dream ago and now I know that I will love you. I knew when you first said hello that's how I know that I will love you. And I-I-I waited for your kiss, waited for the bliss like dreamers do. And I-I-I-I, oh I'll be there, yeah, waiting for you you you you you. You, you came just one dream ago and now I know that I will love you. Oh I knew when you first said hello that's how I know that I will love you. And I waited for your kiss, waited for the bliss like dreamers do, oh like dreamers do, like dreamers do.  Little child, little child, Little child, won't you dance with me? I'm so sad and lonely, Baby take a chance with me. Little child, little child, Little child, won't you dance with me? I'm so sad and lonely, Baby take a chance with me. If you want someone to make you feel so fine Then we'll have some fun when you're mine, all mine, So come, come on, come on. Little child, little child, Little child, won't you dance with me? I'm so sad and lonely, Baby take a chance with me. When you're by my side, you're the only one, Don't you run and hide, just come on, come on, So come on, come on, come on. Little child, little child, Little child, won't you dance with me? I'm so sad and lonely, Baby take a chance with me. Oh yeh, baby take a chance with me.  I got the lumps in my throat When I saw her coming down the isle I get the wiggles in my knee When she looked at me and sweetly smiled  There she is again Standing over by the record machine Yeh she looks like the model On the cover of a magazine Why she's too cute To be a minute over seventeen  Meanwhile I was thinking She's in the mood, no need to break it I got a chance, I ought to take it If she'll dance, we can make it Come on Queenie, let's shake it  Go go go little Queenie Go go go little Queenie I said: go go go little Queenie  There she is again Standing over by the record machine She's looking like the model On the cover of a magazine Why she's too cute To be a minute over seventeen  Meanwhile I was still thinking, If it's a slow song, we'll omit it If it's a rocker, that'll get it And if it's good, she'll admit it Come on, Queenie, let's get with it  Go go go little Queenie Go go go little Queenie Go go go little Queenie  There she is again Standing over by the record machine Yeh she looks like the model On the cover of a magazine Why she's too cute To be a minute over seventeen  Meanwhile I was thinking She's in the mood, no need to break it I got a chance, I ought to take it If she'll dance, we can make it Come on Queenie, let's shake it  Go go go little Queenie Go go go little Queenie Go go go little Queenie  Oh baby baby baby, blues and sorrow, and I love you tomorrow, just suit you just fine. Oh baby baby baby, blues and sorrow, and I love you tomorrow, just suit you just fine. I can't forget that you told me so many promising lies. How must I forget these lonesome tears in my eyes? You've broken my heart, gonna do it again. And I can't forget the spell that I'm in. Can't forget that you told me so many promising lies. I'm a-trying to forget these lonesome tears in my eyes. You've broken my heart, gonna do it again. I can't forget the spell that I'm in. I can't forget that you told me so many promising lies. I'm a-trying to forget these lonesome tears in my eyes. Oh baby baby baby, blues and sorrow, And I love you tomorrow, it'll suit you just fine. Oh baby baby baby, blues and sorrow, I love you tomorrow, just suit you just fine. I can't forget that you told me so many promising lies. I'm a-trying to forget these lonesome tears in my eyes.  The long and winding road that leads to your door, Will never disappear, I've seen that road before It always leads me here, lead me to your door.  The wild and windy night that the rain washed away, Has left a pool of tears crying for the day. Why leave me standing here, let me know the way.  Many times I've been alone and many times I've cried, Anyway you've always known the many ways I've tried, but Still they lead me back to the long, winding road,  You left me waiting here a long, long time ago. Don't leave me standing here, lead me to your door. Da da, da da –  Gonna tell Aunt Mary 'bout Uncle John, He says he has the blues but he has a lotta fun. Oh baby, Ye-e-e-eh baby, Woo-o-o-oh baby, Havin' me some fun tonight. Well, long tall Sally has a lot on the ball And nobody cares if she's long and tall. Oh baby, Ye-e-e-eh baby, Woo-o-o-oh baby, Havin' me some fun tonight. Well, I saw Uncle John with long tall Sally. He saw Aunt mary cummin' and he ducked back in the alley. Oh baby, Ye-e-e-eh baby, Woo-o-o-oh baby, Havin' me some fun tonight. We're gonna have some fun tonight, Gonna have some fun tonight. We're gonna have some fun tonight, Everything will be alright. We're gonna have some fun, Gonna have some fun tonight. We're gonna have some fun tonight, Gonna have some fun tonight. We're gonna have some fun tonight, Everything will be alright. We're gonna have some fun, Gonna have some fun tonight.  It's been a long long long time, How could I ever have lost you, When I loved you. It took a long long long time, Now I'm so happy I found you, How I love you. So many tears I was searching, So many tears I was wasting, Oh Oh now I can see you, be you, How can I ever misplace you. How I want you, Oh I love you, You know that I need you, Ooh I love you.  Love, love me do. You know I love you, I'll always be true, So please, love me do. Whoa, love me do.  Love, love me do. You know I love you, I'll always be true, So please, love me do. Whoa, love me do.  Someone to love, Somebody new. Someone to love, Someone like you.  Love, love me do. You know I love you, I'll always be true, So please, love me do. Whoa, love me do.  Love, love me do. You know I love you, I'll always be true, So please, love me do. Whoa, love me do. Yeah, love me do. Whoa, oh, love me do.  Each day just goes so fast, I turn around, it's past, You don't get time to hang a sign on me. Love me while you can, Before I'm a dead old man. A life-time is so short, A new one can't be bought, But what you've got means such a lot to me. Make love all day long, Make love singing songs. Make love all day long, Make love singing songs. There's people standing round, Who'll screw you in the ground, They'll fill you in with their sins, You'll see. I'll make love to you, If you want me to.  Lovely Rita meter maid. Lovely Rita meter maid.  Lovely Rita meter maid. Nothing can come between us, When it gets dark I tow your heart away.  Standing by a parking meter, When I caught a glimpse of Rita, Filling in a ticket in her little white book.  In a cap she looked much older, And the bag across her shoulder Made her look a little like a military man.  Lovely Rita meter maid, May I inquire discreetly, When you are free, To take some tea with me.  Took her out and tried to win her, Had a laugh and over dinner, Told her I would really like to see her again.  Got the bill and Rita paid it Took her home and nearly made it Sitting ona sofa with a sister or two.  Oh, lovely Rita meter maid, Where would I be without you. Give us a wink and make me think of you.  Lucille, baby do your sister's will. Lucille, baby do your sister's will. Well you went up and married but I love you still. Lucille, baby satisfy my soul. Lucille, baby satisfy my soul. Well you know I love baby, I'll never let you go. Well I woke up this morning, Lucille was not inside. I asked her friends about her, but all their lips were tight. Lucille, please come back where you belong. Well I'm talking to you baby, I'll never put you on. Well Lucille, baby do your sister's will. Oo Lucille, yeah baby do your sister's will. Well you went up and married but I love you still.  Picture yourself in a boat on a river, With tangerine trees and marmalade skies Somebody calls you, you answer quite slowly, A girl with kaleidoscope eyes.  Cellophane flowers of yellow and green, Towering over your head. Look for the girl with the sun in her eyes, And she's gone.  Lucy in the sky with diamonds,  Follow her down to a bridge by a fountain Where rocking horse people eat marshmallow pies, Everyone smiles as you drift past the flowers, That grow so incredibly high.  Newspaper taxis appear on the shore, Waiting to take you away. Climb in the back with your head in the clouds, And you're gone.  Lucy in the sky with diamonds,  Picture yourself on a train in a station, With plasticine porters with looking glass ties, Suddenly someone is there at the turnstile, The girl with kaleidoscope eyes.  Lucy in the sky with diamonds.  Oh, dirty Maggie Mae they have taken her away and she'll never walk down Lime Street anymore Oh, the judge she guilty found her of robbing the homeward bounder dirty no good robbin' Maggie Mae It's the part of Liverpool She returned me to Two pound ten a week that was my pay  Roll up - roll up for the Mystery Tour. Roll up, roll up for the Mystery Tour. (Roll up) and that's an invitation Roll up for the Mystery Tour (Roll up) to make a resvation Roll up for the Mystery Tour The Magical Mystery Tour is waiting to take you away Waiting to take you away. Roll up, roll up for the Mystery Tour. Roll up, roll up for the Mystery Tour. (Roll up) for the Mystery Tour (Roll up) satisfaction guaranteed Roll up for the Mystery Tour The Magical Mystery Tour is hoping to take you away Hoping to take you away now The Magical Mystery Tour Roll up, roll up for the Mystery Tour. (Roll up) and that's an invitation Roll up for the Mystery Tour (Roll up) to make a reservation Roll up for the Mystery Tour The Magical Mystery Tour is coming to take you away Coming to take you away The Magical Mystery Tour is dying to take you away Dying to take you away - take you today.  She wrote me only one sad night, told me she's no longer mine. Sue sue mailman, that will do for sometime. Mailman, bring me no more blues. Mailman, bring me no more blues. One more heartache is all I can use. Mailman, bring me no more blues. Mailman, bring me no more blues...  Martha my dear though I spend my days In conversation Please Remember me Martha my love Don't forget me Martha my dear  Hold your head up you silly girl look what you've done When you find yourself in the thick of it Help yourself to a bit of what is all around you Silly girl.  Take a good look around you Take a good look you're bound to see That you and me were meant to be for each other Silly girl.  Hold your hand out you silly girl see what you've done When you find yourself in the thick of it Help yourself to a bit of what's all around you Silly girl.  Martha my dear you have always been My inspiration Please Be good to me Martha my love Don't forget me Martha my dear.  I said I'm sitting here watching matchbox hole in my clothes I said I'm sitting here wondering matchbox hole in my clothes I ain't got no matches but I sure got a long way to go I'm an old poor boy I'm a long way from home I'm an old poor boy and I'm a long way from home I've never been happy cause everything I ever did was wrong Well, if you don't want my peaches honey please don't shake my tree If you don't want any of those peaches honey, please don't mess around my tree I've got news for you baby Leave me here in misery, all right! Well let me be your little dog till your big dog comes Let me be your little dog till your big dog comes And when your big dog gets here watch how your puppy dog runs Well I said I'm sitting here watching matchbox hole in my clothes I said I'm sitting here wondering matchbox hole in my clothes I ain't got no matches but I sure got a long way to go  Joan was quizzical studied pataphysical science in the home Late night all alone with a test-tube, Oh oh, oh oh. Maxwell Edison majoring in medicine calls her on the phone, Can I take you to the pictures Joan. But as she's getting ready to go, a knock come on the door. Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer came down upon her head, Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer made sure that she was dead. Back in school again, Maxwell plays the fool again, teacher gets annoyed, Wishing to avoid an unpleasant scene, She tells Max to stay when the class has gone away, So he waits behind, Writing fifty times I must not be so But when she turns her back on the boy, he creeps up from behind, Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer came down upon her head, Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer made sure that she was dead. P.C. thirty-one said, we've caught a dirty one, Maxwell stands alone Painting testimonial pictures oh oh oh oh. Rose and Valerie screaming from the gallery say he must go free. The judge does not agree and he tells them so oh oh. But as the words are leaving his lips, a noise comes from behind, Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer came down upon his head, Bang bang Maxwell's silver hammer made sure that he was dead. Silver hammer man.  Mean Mister Mustard sleeps in the park, Shaves in the dark Trying to save paper. Sleeps in a hole in the road Saving up to buy some clothes. Keeps a ten bob note up his nose, Such a mean old man, such a mean old man. His sister Pam works in a shop, She never stops, she's a go getter. Takes him out to look at the Queen, Only place that he's ever been. Always shouts out something obscene, Such a dirty old man, dirty old man.  Long distance information give me Memphis Tennessee. Try to find the party trying to get in touch with me. She would not leave her number but I know who placed the call. 'Cos my uncle took the message and he wrote it on the wall. Help me, information, get in touch with my Marie. She's the only one who'd phone me here from Memphis Tennessee. Her home is on the south side just beyond the ridge, just a half a mile from the Mississippi Bridge. Help me, information, more than that I cannot add. Only that I miss her and all the fun we had. We were pulled apart because her mom would not agree. Help me get in touch with her in Memphis Tennessee. The last time I saw Marie she was waving me goodbye, with hurry homedrops on her cheek that trickled from her eyes. Marie is only six years old, information please. Help me get in touch with her in Memphis Tennessee.  Michelle ma belle These are words that go together well, My Michelle,  Michelle ma belle, Sont les mots qui vont très bien ensemble Tres bien ensemble.  I love you, I love you, I love you, That's all I want to say, Until I find a way, I will say the only words I know that you'll understand.  Michelle ma belle, Sont les mots qui vont très bien ensemble Tres bien ensemble.  I need to, I need to, I need to, I need to make you see, Oh what you mean to me, Until I do I'm hoping you will know what I mean.  I love you.  I want you, I want you, I want you, I think you know by now, I'll get to you somehow, Until I do I'm telling you so you'll understand.  Michelle ma belle, Sont les mots qui vont très bien ensemble Tres bien ensemble.  I will say the only words I know that you'll understand, My Michelle.  The world is treating me bad, misery. I'm the kind of guy who never used to cry. The world is treating me bad, misery. I've lost her now for sure, I won't see her no more, It's gonna be a drag misery. I'll remember all the little things we've done, Can't she see she'll be the only one, lone one, Send her back to me 'cos ev'ry one can see, Without her I will be in misery. I'll remember all the little things we've done, Can't she see she'll be the only one, lone one, Send her back to me 'cos ev'ry one can see, Without her I will be in misery. Oo in misery. Oo in misery.  The best things in life are free But you can tell me 'bout the birds and bees. Now gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want. Money don't get everything it's true. What it don't get I can't use. So gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT A little money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want. Yeh gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT A little money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want THAT'S WHAT I WANT So gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want. Your lovin' give me a thrill But your lovin' don't pay my bill. Now gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want. Money don't get everything it's true. What it don't get I can't use. So gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT A little money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want. Yeh gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT A little money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want THAT'S WHAT I WANT So gimme money THAT'S WHAT I WANT That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh, That's what I want.  We were strolling along (twist and shout!) On Moonlight Bay (woo hoo!) We could hear the voices singing (I like it!) You said you'd stay You have broken my heart (oh, twist and shout!) So go away With your short and hairy legs On Moonlight Bay On Moonlight Bay  Born a poor young country boy – Mother Nature's son. All day long I'm sitting singing songs for everyone. Sit beside a mountain stream – see her waters rise. Listen to the pretty sound of music as she flies. Find me in my field of grass – Mother Nature's son. Swaying daisies sing a lazy song beneath the sun. Mother Nature's son.  Mr. Moonlight You came to me one summer night And from your beam you made my dream And from the world you sent my girl And from above you sent my love And now she is mine I think you're fine because we love you  Mr. Moonlight Mr. Moonlight, come again please here I am on my knees beggin if you please And the night you don't come my way I pray and pray more each day because we love you  Mr. Moonlight And the night you don't come my way I pray and pray more each day because we love you Mr. Moonlight Mr. Moonlight Mr. Moonlight  My Bonnie lies over the ocean, my Bonnie lies over the sea. My Bonnie lies over the ocean. Oh bring back my Bonnie to me. My Bonnie lies over the ocean, my Bonnie lies over the sea. Well my Bonnie lies over the ocean. Yeah bring back my Bonnie to me. Yeah bring back, ah bring back, oh bring back my Bonnie to me to me. Oh bring back, oh bring back, oh bring back my Bonnie to me. Well my Bonnie lies over the ocean, my Bonnie lies over the sea. Yeah my Bonnie lies over the ocean. Oh I said bring back my Bonnie to me. Yeah bring back, ah bring back, oh bring back my Bonnie to me to me. Oh bring back, ah bring back, oh bring back my Bonnie to me.  We said our goodbyes (on the night before), Love was in your eyes Now today I find, you have changed your mind, Treat me like you did the night before. Were you telling lies (on the night before)? Was I so unwise (on the night before)? When I held you near, you were so sincere, Treat me like you did the night before. Last night is the I will remember you by, When I think of things you did it makes me wanna cry. We said our goodbyes (on the night before), Love was in your eyes Now today I find, you have changed your mind, Treat me like you did the night before. Last night is the I will remember you by, When I think of things you did it makes me wanna cry. Were you telling lies (on the night before)? Was I so unwise (on the night before)? When I held you near, you were so sincere, Treat me like you did the night before.  This happened once before, When I came to your door, no reply. They said it wasn't you, But I saw you peep through your window, I saw the light, I saw the light, I know that you saw me, 'Cos I looked up to see your face. I tried to telephone, They said that you were not home, that's a lie, 'Cos I know where you've been, I saw you walk in your door, I mearly died, I nearly died, 'Cos you walked hand in hand With another man in my place. If I were you I'd realize that I Love you more than any other guy, And I'll forgive the lies that I Heard before when you gave me no reply. I've tried to telephone, They said you were not home, that's a lie, 'Cos I know where you've been, I saw her walk in your door, I nearly died, I nearly died, 'Cos you walked hand in hand With another man in my place. No reply, no reply.  As I was slowly passing an orphan's home one day, I stopped for just a little while to watch the children play. Alone a boy was standing and when I asked him why, he turned with eyes that could not see and he began to cry.  I'm nobody's child, I'm nobody's child. Just like the flowers I'm growing wild. I got no mummy's kisses I got no daddy's smile. Nobody wants me, I'm nobody's child.  No mummy's arms to hold me or sue me when I cry, 'cos sometimes I feel so lonesome I wish that I could die. I'll walk the streets of heaven where all blinds can see.  And just like for the other kids it will be a home for me.  I'm nobody's child, I'm nobody's child. Just like the flowers I'm growing wild. I got no mummy's kisses I got no daddy's smile. Nobody wants me, I'm nobody's child.  I once had a girl, Or should I say She once had me. She showed me her room, Isn't it good? Norwegian wood.  She asked me to stay and she told me sit anywhere, So I looked around and I noticed there wasn't a chair.  I sat on a rug Biding my time, Drinking her wine. We talked until two, And then she said, 'It's time for bed'.  She told me she worked in the morning and started to laugh, I told her I didn't, and crawled off to sleep in the bath.  And when I awoke I was alone, This bird has flown, So I lit a fire, Isn't it good? Norwegian wood.  You know you made me cry, I see no use in wond'ring why, I cried for you. And now, you've changed your mind, I see no reason to change mine, I cried, it's through, oh. Oh, you're giving me the same old line, I'm wond'ring why, You hurt me then, you're back again, No, no, not a second time. You know you made me cry, I see no use in wond'ring why, I cried for you, yeh. And now, you've changed your mind, I see no reason to change mine, I cried, it's through, oh. Oh, you're giving me the same old line, I'm wond'ring why, You hurt me then, you're back again, No, no, not a second time.  Not guilty for getting in your way while you're trying to steal the day. Not guilty and I'm not here for the rest, I'm not trying to steal your vest. I am not trying to be smart, I only want what I can get. I'm really sorry for your ageing head. But like you heard me said: not guilty. No use handing me a writ while I'm trying to do my bit. I don't expect to take your heart. I only want what I can get. I'm really sorry that you're underfed. But like you heard me said: not guilty. Not guilty for looking like a freak, making friends with every Sikh. Not guilty for leading you astray on the road to Mandalay. I won't upset the apple cart. I only want what I can get. I'm really sorry that you've been misled. But like you heard me said: not guilty.  I tried to find out what love is all about, and every day it sure lets out. I see my baby I get week in my knees. There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees. My pappie told me there'd be times like these. There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees. We meet the gang and go to rocking Joes. The cats are something on the heels and toes. I grab my baby, tried to give her a squeeze. There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees. Why must she be such a doggone tease? There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees. She's got a way that makes me act like a fool. Spent my money, then she plays me cool. I beg her for kisses on my bended knees. Oh won't you give me some loving, baby, please please please. Though I keep trying hard to make her mine, one day the wind will blow and the sun will shine. Till that time she puts my heart at ease. There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees She locked my heart and threw away the keys. There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees, yeah. She's got a way that makes me act like a fool. Spent my money, then she plays me cool. I'm begging her for kisses on my bended knees. Oh won't you give me some of your loving, baby, please please please. Though I keep trying hard to make her mine, one day the wind will blow and the sun will shine. Till that time she puts my heart at ease. There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees She locked my heart and threw away the keys. There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees There's nothing shaking but the leaves on the trees  He's a real Nowhere Man, Sitting in his Nowhere Land, Making all his Nowhere plans for nobody. Doesn't have a point of view, Knows not where he's going to, Isn't he a bit like you and me?  Nowhere man please listen, You don't know what you're missing, Nowhere Man, the world is at your command. He's as blind as he can be, Just sees what he wants to see, Nowhere Man can you see me at all?  Nowhere Man don't worry, Take your time, don't hurry, Leave it all till somebody else, Lends you a hand. Doesn't have a point of view, Knows not where he's going to, Isn't he a bit like you and me?  Nowhere Man please listen, You don't know what you're missing, Nowhere Man, the world is at your command. He's a real Nowhere Man, Sitting in his Nowhere Land, Making all his Nowhere plans for nobody. Making all his Nowhere plans for nobody. Making all his Nowhere plans for nobody.  Desmond has a barrow in the market place. Molly is a singer in a band. Desmond says to Molly – girl I like your face And Molly says this as she takes him by the hand. Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra Lala how the life goes on Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra Lala how the life goes on Desmond takes a trolley to the jewellers' stores, Buys a twenty carat golden ring. Takes it back to Molly waiting at the door And as he gives it to her she begins to sing In a couple of years they have built A home sweet home With a couple of kids running in the yard Of Desmond and Molly Jones. Happy ever after in the market place Desmond lets the children lend a hand. Molly stays at home and does her pretty face And in the evening she still sings it with the band. Happy ever after in the market place Molly lets the children lend a hand. Desmond stays at home and does his pretty face And in the evening she's singer with the band. And if you want some fun – take Ob-la-di Ob-la-da.  I'd like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden in the shade, He'd let us in, knows where we've been, in his octopus's garden in the shade. I'd ask my friends to come and see an octopus's garden with me. I'd like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden in the shade. We would be warm below the storm in our little hide-a-way beneath the waves. Resting our head on the sea bed in an octopus's garden near a cave. We would sing and dance around because we know we can't be found. I'd like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden in the shade. We would shout and swim about the coral that lies beneath the waves. Oh what joy for every girl and boy knowing they're happy and they're safe. We would be so happy, you and me, no-one there to tell us what to do, I'd like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden with you.  Oh! Darling, please believe me I'll never do you no harm Believe me when I tell you I'll never do you no harm  Oh! Darling, if you leave me I'll never make it alone Believe me when I thank you, ooo Don't ever leave me alone  When you told me You didn't need me anymore Well you know I nearly broke down and cried When you told me You didn't need me anymore Well you know I nearly broke down and died  Oh! Darling, if you leave me I'll never make it alone Believe me when I tell you I'll never do you no harm Believe me darling  When you told me You didn't need me anymore Well you know I nearly broke down and cried When you told me You didn't need me anymore Well you know I nearly broke down and died  Oh! Darling, please believe me I'll never let you down Oh, believe me darling Believe me when I tell you, ooo I'll never do you no harm  I want a love that's right but right is only half of what's wrong, I want a short haired girl who sometimes wears it twice as long. I'm stepping out this old brown shoe, Baby I'm in love with you, I'm so glad you cam here it won't be the same now I'm telling you. You know you pick me up from where some try to drag me down, And when I see your smile replacing ev'ry thoughtless frown, Got me escaping from this zoo, Baby I'm in love with you, I'm so glad you came here it won't be the same now I'm telling you. If I grow up I'll be a singer, Wearing rings on every finger, Not worrying what they or you say. I'll live and love and maybe some day, Who knows baby, You may comfort me. I may appear to be imperfect, My love is something you can't reject, I'm changing faster than the weather, If you and me should get together, Who knows baby You may comfort me. I want that love of yours To miss that love is something I'd hate, I'll make an early start I'm making sure that I'm not late, For your sweet top lip I'm in the queue, Baby I'm in love with you, I'm so glad you came here it won't be the same now when I'm with you. I'm so glad you came here it won't be the same now when I'm with you.  My baby says she's trav'ling on the One after Nine-O-Nine. I said move over honey I'm traveling on that line. I said move over once, move over twice, Come on baby don't be cold as ice. I said I'm trav'ling on the One after Nine-O-Nine. I begged her not to go and I begged her on my bended knees, You're only fooling around, you're fooling around with me. I said move over once, move over twice, Come on baby don't be cold as ice. I said I'm trav'ling on the One after Nine-O-Nine. I've got my bag, Run to the station. Railman says you've got the wrong location. I've got my bag. Run right home. Then I find I've got the number wrong, Well I said I'm trav'ling on the One after Nine-O-Nine. I said move over honey I'm traveling on that line. I said move over once, move over twice, Come on baby don't be cold as ice. I said we're trav'ling on the One after Nine-o, I said we're trav'ling on the One after Nine-O, I said we're trav'ling on the One after Nine-O-Nine.  If you're listening to this song You might think the chords are going wrong But they're not; we just wrote them like that When you're listening late at night You may think the band are not quite right But they are, they just play it like that It doesn't really matter what chords I play What words I say or what time of day it is As it's only a Northern song It doesn't really matter what clothes I wear Or how I fare or if my hair is brown When it's only a Northern song. If you think the harmony Is a little dark and out of key You're correct, there's nobody there. And I told you there's no one there.  Ooh! My soul. Well baby baby baby baby, don't you know my love is true? Honey honey honey honey, said get off of that money. Love love love. Ooh! My soul. Well gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme all the love you got. Baby baby baby baby, don't you know I want a lot. Love love love. Ooh! My soul. Well baby baby baby baby, don't you know my love is true? I said honey honey honey honey, get off of that money. Love love love. Ooh! My soul. Well baby baby baby baby, don't you know my love is true? Honey honey honey honey, get off get off of that money. Love love love. Ooh! My soul.  As I write this letter, send my love to you, Remember that I'll always be in love with you. Treasure these few words till we're together Keep all my love forever. PS I love you, you, you, you. I'll be coming home again to you love, Until the day I do love. PS I love you, you, you, you. AsI write this letter, send my love to you, Remember that I'll always be in love with you. Treasure these few words till we're together Keep all my love forever. PS I love you, you, you, you. As I write this letter, send my love to you, (you know I want to) Remember that I'll always be in love with you. I'll be coming home again to you love, Until the day I do love. PS I love you, you, you, you. I love you.  Paperback writer, paperback writer. Dear Sir or Madam will you read my book, It took me years to write will you take a look, Based on a novel by a man named Lear, And I need a job, So I want to be a paperback writer, Paperback writer. It's a dirty story of a dirty man, And his clinging wife doesn't understand. His son is working for the Daily Mail, It's a steady job, But he wants to be a paperback writer, Paperback writer. It's a thousand pages give or take a few, I'll be writing more in a week or two, I can make it longer if you like the style, I can change it round, And I want to be a paperback writer, Paperback writer. If you really like it you can have the rights, It could make a million for you overnight, If you must return it you can send it here, But I need a break, And I want to be a paperback writer, Paperback writer.  In Penny Lane there is a barber showing photographs Of ev'ry head he's had the pleasure to know. And all the people that come and go Stop and say 'Hello'.  On the corner is a banker with a motorcar, The little children laugh at him behind his back. And the banker never wears a mac In the pouring rain - very strange.  Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes, There beneath the blue suburban skies I sit, and meanwhile back  In Penny Lane there is a fireman with an hourglass And in his pocket is a portrait of the Queen. He likes to keep his fire engine clean, It's a clean machine.  Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes, A four of fish and finger pies In summer meanwhile back  Behind the shelter in the middle of the roundabout The pretty nurse is selling poppies from a tray. And though she feels as if she's in a play She is anyway.  In Penny Lane, the barber shaves another customer, We see the banker sitting waiting for a trim And then the fireman rushes in From the pouring rain - very strange.  Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes, There beneath the blue suburban skies I sit, and meanwhile Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes, There beneath the blue suburban skies... Penny Lane!  Have you seen the little piggies crawling in the dirt? And for all the little piggies life is getting worse, Always having dirt to play around in.  Have you seen the bigger piggies in their starched white shirts? You will find the bigger piggies stirring up the dirt, Always have clean shirts to play around in.  In their styes with all their backing they don't care what goes on around, In their eyes there's something lacking, What they need's a damn good whacking.  Everywhere there's lots of piggies living piggie lives, You can see them out for dinner with their piggie wives, Clutching forks and knives to eat their bacon.  Wait, oh yes wait a minute mister postman Wait, wait mister postman Mister postman look and see You got a letter in your bag for me I been waiting such a long time Since I heard from that girl of mine There must be some word today From my girlfriend so far away Please mister postman look and see If there's a letter, a letter for me I been standing here waiting mister postman So patiently For just a card or just a letter Saying she's returning home to me So many days you passed me by See the tear standing in my eye You didn't stop to make me feel better By leaving me a card or a letter You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta check it and see, one more time for me Wait Wait Wait Deliver the letter, the sooner the better Wait  Last night I said these words to my girl I know you never even try girl Come on, come on, come on, come on, Please please me oh yeh like I please you.  You don't need me to show the way love Why do I always have to say love Come on, come on, come on, come on, Please please me oh yeh like I please you.  I don't want to sound complaining But you know there's always rain in my heart. I do all the pleasing with you It's so hard to reason with you. Oh yeh why do you make me blue.  Last night I said these words to my girl, I know you never even try girl, Come on, come on, come on, come on, Please please me oh yeh like I please you - you.  Well you should see Polythene Pam She's so goodlooking but she looks like a man. Well you should see her in drag. Dressed in her polythene bag. Yes you should see Polythene Pam - Yeh.  Get a dose of her in jackboots and kilt She's killer diller when she's dressed to the hilt. She's the kind of a girl that makes the News of the World. Yes you could say she was attractively built - Yeh.  If the rain comes they run and hide their heads. They might as well be dead, If the rain comes, if the rain comes. When the sun shines they slip into the shade, And sip their lemonade, When the sun shines, when the sun shines. Rain, I don't mind, Shine, the weather's fine. I can show you that when it starts to rain, Everything's the same, I can show you, I can show you. Rain, I don't mind, Shine, the weather's fine. Can you hear me that when it rains and shines, It's just a state of mind, Can you hear me, can you hear me?  All my little plans and schemes, lost like some forgotten dreams, seems that all I really was doing was waiting for you. Just like little girls and boys, playing with their little toys. Seems like all they really were doing was waiting for love. Don't need to be alone, no need to be alone. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's real. From this moment on I know exactly where my life will go. Seems that all I really was doing was waiting for love. Don't need to be afraid, no need to be afraid. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's real. Thought I'd been in love before, but in my heart, I wanted more. Seems like all I really was doing was waiting for you. Don't need to be alone, don't need to be alone. It's real love, it's real. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's real. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's real. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's real. It's real love, it's real.  Red sails in the sunset Way out of the sea Oh carry my love one Home safely to me  She sailed at the dawning Oh way out and blue Red sails in the sunset I'm counting on you  Red sails in the sunset Way out of the sea Oh carry my love one Home safely to me  Sweet wind we must borrow Make straight for the shore We'll marry tomorrow And you'll go sailing no more  Red sails in the sunset Way out of the sea Oh carry my love one Home safely to me  Sweet wind we must borrow Make straight for the shore We'll marry tomorrow And she'll go sailing no more  Red sails at the sunset Way out of the sea Oh carry my love one Home safely to me Oh carry my love one Home safely to me  Until setting be in a left hand Holding you, feel so glad, so baby, oh baby  I still love her all over, Anytime inside of me, any more I can't over you, oh baby oh What a hard, all time You know my heart so timed.  When I think of that she told, You know how hard to think of Dreaming, oh, I'm only dreamin' That my love told me now That she feel so tired of me, Oh yeah only I know, oh I loose baby Till I thinking of her Till I thinking of her, tell I thinking of her  You say you want a revolution Well, you know We all want to change the world. You tell me that it's evolution, Well, you know We all want to change the world. But when you talk about destruction, Don't you know that you can count me out. In. Don't you know it's going to be all right, all right, all right. You say you got a real solution Well, you know We'd all love to see the plan. You ask me for a contribution, Well, you know We all do what we can. If you want money for people with minds that hate, All I can tell you is brother you have to wait. Don't you know it's going to be all right, all right, all right. You say you'll change a constitution Well, you know We'd all love to change your head. You tell me it's the institution, Well, you know You better free your mind instead. But if you go carrying pictures of chairman Mao, You ain't gonna make it with anyone anyhow. Don't you know it's going to be all right, all right, all right.  You say you want a revolution Well, you know We all want to change the world. You tell me that it's evolution, Well, you know We all want to change the world. But when you talk about destruction, Don't you know that you can count me out. In. Don't you know it's going to be all right, all right, all right. You say you got a real solution Well, you know We'd all love to see the plan. You ask me for a contribution, Well, you know We all do what we can. If you want money for people with minds that hate, All I can tell you is brother you have to wait. Don't you know it's going to be all right, all right, all right. You say you'll change a constitution Well, you know We'd all love to change your head. You tell me it's the institution, Well, you know You better free your mind instead. But if you go carrying pictures of chairman Mao, You ain't gonna make it with anyone anyhow. Don't you know it's going to be all right, all right, all right.  I don't care if I spent my dough Night gonna be Gonna rock it up, Gonna shake it up, Gonna roll it up, Have 'em ball tonight.  Rattle and roll, I said shake rattle and roll, Well you never done nothing To save your doggone soul.  Well get out of that kitchen And shake those pots and pans. I said get out of that kitchen And shake those pots and pans.  I said to my soul: You're the devil in a frying pan.  Well I said shake rattle and roll, I said shake rattle and roll, I said shake rattle and roll, I said shake rattle and roll.  Well you never done nothing To save your doggone soul.  You can knock me down, Slap my face, Slander my name All over the place.  Do anything that you want to do, But oh oh honey, Lay off of them shoes. Now don't you step On my blue suede shoes. Well you can do anything But lay off of them blue suede shoes. Ah go!  You can burn my house, Steal my car, Drink my liquor From an old fruit jar. Do anything That you want to do, But ah ah honey, Lay off of them shoes. And don't you step On my blue suede shoes, please.  Well you can do anything But lay off of them blue suede shoes. Ah go, hit it, Carl [Perkins]! Well blue blue, Blue suede shoes. Yeah blue blue, Blue suede shoes. Babe blue blue, Blue suede shoes. Yeah brown brown Brown suede boots. Well do anything But lay off of them blue suede shoes.  Just let me hear some of that rock and roll music Any old way you choose it It's got a back beat, you can't lost it, Any old time you use it It's gotta be rock roll music If you wanna dance with me If you wanna dance with me I've got no kick against modern jazz Unless they try to play it too darn fast And change the beauty of the melody Until they sound just like a symphony That's why I go for that that rock and roll music Any old way you choose it It's got a back beat, you can't lost it, Any old time you use it It's gotta be rock roll music If you wanna dance with me If you wanna dance with me I took my loved one over 'cross the tracks So she can hear my man awail a sax I must admit they have a rockin' band Man, they were goin' like a hurrican' That's why I go for that that rock and roll music Any old way you choose it It's got a back beat, you can't lost it, Any old time you use it It's gotta be rock roll music If you wanna dance with me If you wanna dance with me Way down South they gave a jubilee The jokey folks they had a jamboree They're drinkin' home brew from a water cup The folks dancin' got all shook up And started playin' that that rock and roll music Any old way you choose it It's got a back beat, you can't lost it, Any old time you use it It's gotta be rock roll music If you wanna dance with me If you wanna dance with me Don't care to hear 'em play a tango I'm in the mood to gear a mambo It's way to early for a congo So keep a rockin' that piano So I can gear some of that Rock and roll music Any old way you choose it It's got a back beat, you can't lost it, Any old time you use it It's gotta be rock roll music If you wanna dance with me If you wanna dance with me  Now somewhere in the black moutain hills of Dakota There lived a young boy named Rocky Raccoon. And one day his woman ran off with another guy. Hit young Rocky in the eye Rocky didn't like that. He said I'm gonna get that boy. So one day he walked in to town Booked himself a room in the local saloon. Rocky Raccoon checked into his room Only to find Gideon's Bible. Rocky had come equipped with a gun To shoot off the legs of his rival. His rival it seems had broken his dreams By stealing the girl of his fancy. Her name was Magill and she called herself Lill But everyone knew her as Nancy. Now she and her man who called himself Dan Were in the next room at the hoe down. Rocky bust in and grinning a grin. He said Danny boy this is a showdown But Daniel was hot – he drew first and shot And Rocky collapsed in the corner. Now the doctor came in stinking of gin And proceeded to lie on the table. He said Rocky you met your match. And Rocky said, Doc it's only a scratch And I'll be better, I'll be better doc as soon as I am able. Now Rocky Raccoon he fell back in his room Only to find Gideon's Bible. Gideon checked out and he left in no doubt To help with good Rocky's revival.  Well gonna write a little letter Gonna mail it to my local D.J. It's a rockin' little record I want my jockey to play Roll over Beethoven I gotta hear it again today You know my temperature's risin' And the jukebox's blowin' a fuse My hearts beatin' rhythm And my soul keeps singing the blues Roll over Beethoven And tell Tchaikovsky the news I got a rockin' pneumonia I need a shot of rhythm and blues I think I got it off the writer Sittin' down by the rhythm review Roll over Beethoven We're rockin' in two by two Well if you fell you like it Well get your lover and reel and rock it Roll it over and move on up Just jump around and reel and rock it Roll it over Roll over Beethoven A rockin' in two by two, oh Well early in the mornin' I'm a givin' you the warnin' Don't you step on my blue suede shoes Hey little little Gonna play my fiddle Ain't got nothing to lost Roll over Beethoven And tell Tchaikovsky the news You know she winks like a glow worm Dance like a spinnin' top She got a crazy partner Oughta see 'em reel an rock Long as she's got a dime The music will never stop Roll over Beethoven Roll over Beethoven Roll over Beethoven Roll over Beethoven Roll over Beethoven And dig these rhythm and blues  I said I love a girl and Ruby is her name This girl don't love me, but I love her just the same Oh, oh, Ruby, Ruby, how I want ya Like a ghost I'm gonna haunt ya Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, will you be mine sometime?  Well, each time I see you waving my heart cries I'll tell ya, I'm gonna steal you away from all those guys Oh, oh, from the happy day I met you I made a bet that I was going to get you Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, will you be mine sometime? Alright now  Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey  I said I love a girl and Ruby is her name Oh, when this girl looks at me she just sets my heart aflame, oh Oh, I got some love and money too I'm gonna give them all to you Now, Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, will you be mine sometime? Come on, Ruby, baby, now, hey  Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey come on, oh, come on Shake it honey, oh  I said Ruby, Ruby, Ruby Ruby won't you be mine? Oh  Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, Ruby Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, baby Oh, baby, come on Shake it honey, alright  I'd rather see you dead, little girl, Than to be with another man. You'd better keep your head, little girl, Or I won't know where I am. You'd better run for your life if you can, little girl, Hide your head in the sand, little girl. Catch you with another man, That's the end - ah, little girl. Well you know that I'm a wicked guy And I was born with a jealous mind, And I can't spend my whole life tryin', Just to make you toe the line. You'd better run for your life if you can, little girl, Hide your head in the sand, little girl. Catch you with another man, That's the end - ah, little girl. Let this be a sermon, I mean everything I said, Baby, I'm determined, And I'd rather see you dead. You'd better run for your life if you can, little girl, Hide your head in the sand, little girl. Catch you with another man, That's the end - ah, little girl. I'd rather see you dead, little girl, Than to be with another man. You'd better keep your head, little girl, Or you won't know where I am. You'd better run for your life if you can, little girl, Hide your head in the sand, little girl. Catch you with another man, That's the end - ah, little girl.  Oh well, when the saints go marching in When the saints go marching in Mm, I'm gonna be, I'm a-gonna be in that number Ooh, when the old saints go marching in  Oh, when the sun, yeah, begin to shine Mm, when that old sun above begins to shine I'll tell you something, I'm a-gonna be, I'm a-gonna be in that number Oh, when the sun begin to shine  Yeah, when my Lord, when he'd call me there Ah, when my old Lord, yeah, he'd call me there I'll tell you something, I'm a-gonna be, I'm a-gonna be in that number Oh, when my old lord, he'd call me there  Yeah, when the saints go marching in Well, when the saints go marching, marching in I'll tell you something, I'm a-gonna be, I'm a-gonna be in that number Yeah, when the saints go marching in  Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Woah!  Well, when the sun, yeah, begin to shine Ooh, when the sun, yeah, begin to shine I'll tell you something, I'm a-gonna be, I'm a-gonna be in that number Ooh, when that old sun, boy, begin to shine  Well, I said, easy one time Uh huh mm Mm uh huh huh Yeah! Oh, I like it that way, baby! Mm Yeah! Ooh When the saints go marching in  Well, when the saints go marching in Yeah, when the saints go marching in I'll tell you something, I'm a-gonna be, I'm a-gonna be in that number Yeah, when the saints go marching in  When the Lord, when he'd call me there Yeah, when my Lord, he'd call me there I'll tell you something, I'm a-gonna be, gonna be, I'm a-gonna be in that number Yeah, when the saints go marching in  Cream tangerine and montelimar, A ginger sling with a pineapple heart, A coffee dessert, yes you know it's good news, But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the savoy truffle. Cool cherry cream and nice apple tart, I feel your taste all the time we're apart, Coconut fudge really blows down those blues, But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the savoy truffle. You might not feel it now But when the pain cuts through you're going to know, and how. The sweat is gonna fill your head, When it becomes too much you'll shout aloud, But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the savoy truffle. Know that what you eat you are, But what is sweet now turns so sour. We all know ob-la-di-bla-da, But can you show me where you are. Cream tangerine and montelimar, A ginger sling with a pineapple heart, A coffee dessert, yes you know it's good news, But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the savoy truffle. Yes you'll have to have them all pulled out after the savoy truffle.  Gonna find her, gonna find her. Well searching. Yeah I'm gonna searching, searching every which a-way, yeh yeh. Oh lord I'm searching, my good lord, searching you know honey, searching every which away yeh yeh yeh. But I'm like that northwest Mountie. You know I'll bring her in some day. Gonna find her, gonna find her. Well Charlie Chan, Simon Smith, got nothing, child, on me. Sergeant Friday, Peter Gunn and ooo Alan B. No matter where she's hiding, she's gonna see me coming, I'm gonna walk right down that street like Bulldog Drummon. 'Cos I been searching, well searching, oh my goodness, searching every which a-way. But I'm like that northwest Mountie. You know I'll bring her in some day. Gonna find her, gonna find her. Well Charlie Chan, Simon Smith, got nothing, child, on me. Sergeant Friday, Peter Gunn and ooo Alan B. No matter where she's hiding, she's gonna see me coming, I'm gonna walk right down that street like Bulldog Drummon. Aah searching, searching, oh my my goodness. Searching every which a-way. But I'm like that northwest Mountie. You know I'll bring her in some day. Gonna find her, gonna find her, yeh yeh lord, gonna find her, gonna find her.  Sexy Sadie what have you done. You made a fool of everyone. You made a fool of everyone. Sexy Sadie ooh what have you done. Sexy Sadie you broke the rules. You layed it down for all to see. You layed it down for all to see. Sexy Sadie oooh you broke the rules. One sunny day the world was waiting for a lover. She came along to turn on everyone. Sexy Sadie is the greatest of them all. Sexy Sadie how did you know. The world was waiting just for you. The world was waiting just for you. Sexy Sadie oooh how did you know. Sexy Sadie you'll get yours yet. However big you think you are. However big you think you are. Sexy Sadie oooh you'll get yours yet. We gave her everything we owned just to sit at her table Just a smile would lighten everything Sexy Sadie she's the latest and the greatest of them all. She made a fool of everyone Sexy Sadie However big you think you are Sexy Sadie.  It was twenty years ago today, that Sgt. Pepper taught the band to play They've been going in and out of style But they're guaranteed to raise a smile. So may I introduce to you The act you've known for all these years, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. We're Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, We hope you will enjoy the show, We're Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, Sit back and let the evening go. Sgt. Pepper's lonely, Sgt. Pepper's lonely, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. It's wonderful to be here, It's certainly a thrill. You're such a lovely audience, We'd like to take you home with us, We'd love to take you home. I don't really want to stop the show, But I thought you might like to know, That the singer's going to sing a song, And he wants you all to sing along. So may I introduce to you The one only Billy Shears And Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.  We're Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band we hope you have enjoyed the show Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band We're sorry but it's time to go Sgt. Pepper's Lonely, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Sgt. Pepper's Lonely, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band We'd like to thank you once again Sgt. Pepper's one and only Lonely Heart's Club Band It's getting very near the end Sgt. Pepper's Lonely, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band  Oh look out She came in through the bathroom window, Protected by a silver spoon But now she sucks her thumb and wonders By the banks of her own lagoon  Didn't anybody tell her Didn't anybody see Sundays on the phone to Monday Tuesdays on the phone to me.  She said she'd always been a dancer She worked at fifteen clubs a day And though she thought I knew the answer Well I knew what I could not say.  And so I quit the police department And got myself a steady job And though she tried her best to help me She could steal but she could not rob.  She loves you yeh, yeh, yeh, She loves you yeh, yeh, yeh. You think you lost your love, Well I saw her yesterday - yi - yay. She sats she loves you, And you know that can't be bad, Yes, she loves you, And you know you should be glad. She said you hurt her so, She almost lost her mind, And now she says she knows, You're not the hurting kind. She says she loves you, And you know that can't be bad, She says she loves you, And you know you should be glad. She loves you yeh, yeh, yeh, She loves you yeh, yeh, yeh. And with a love like that, You know you should be glad. You know it's up to you, I think it's only fair, Pride can hurt you too, Apologize to her. Because she loves, And you know that can't be bad, Yes, she loves you, And you know you should be glad. She loves you yeh, yeh, yeh, She loves you yeh, yeh, yeh. With a love like that, You know you should be glad. With a love like that, You know you should be glad. With a love like that, You know you should be glad. Yeh, yeh, yeh, Yeh, yeh, yeh.  She said I know what it's like to be dead, I know what it is to be sad, And she's making me feel like I've never been born. I said who put all those things in your head, Things that make feel that I'm mad, And you're making me feel like I've never been born. She said you don't understand what I said, I said no no no you're wrong, when I was a boy, Ev'rything was right, ev'rything was right. I said even though you know what you know, I know that I'm ready to leave, 'Cos you're making me feel like I've never been born. She said you don't understand what I said, I said no no no you're wrong, when I was a boy, Ev'rything was right, ev'rything was right. I said even though you know what you know, I know that I'm ready to leave, 'Cos you're making me feel like I've never been born. She said I know what it's like to be dead, I know what it is to be sad, I know what it's like to be dead.  My love don't give me no presents. I know that she's no peasant, Only ever has to give me love forever and forever, My love don't give me presents, Turn me on when I get lonely, People tell me that she's only foolin', I know she isn't. She don't give the boys the eye, She hates to see me cry, She is happy just to hear me say that I will never leave her. She don't give the boys the eye, She will never make me jealous, Gives me all her time as well as lovin', Don't ask me why. She's a woman who understands. She's a woman who loves her man. My love don't give me no presents. I know that she's no peasant, Only ever has to give me love forever and forever, My love don't give me presents, Turn me on when I get lonely, People tell me that she's only foolin', I know she isn't. She's a woman who understands. She's a woman who loves her man. My love don't give me no presents. I know that she's no peasant, Only ever has to give me love forever and forever, My love don't give me presents, Turn me on when I get lonely, People tell me that she's only foolin', I know she isn't. She's a woman, she's a woman.  Wednesday morning and five o'clock as the day begins Silently closing her bedroom door Leaving the note that she hoped would say more She goes downstairs to the kitchen Clutching her handkerchief Quietly turning the backdoor key Stepping outside she is free.  She (We gave her most of our lives) Is leaving (Sacrificed most of our lives) Home (We gave her everything money could buy) She's leaving home after living alone For so many years. Bye, bye.  Father snores as his wife gets into her dressing gown Picks up the letter that's lying there Standing alone at the top of stairs She breaks down and cries to her husband Daddy our baby's gone. Why would she treat us so thoughtlessly How could she do this to me.  She (We never thought of ourselves) Is leaving (Never a thought for ourselves) Home (We struggled hard all our lives to get by) She's leaving home after living alone For so many years. Bye, bye.  Friday morning at nine o'clock she is far away Waiting to keep the appointment she made Meeting a man from the motor trade.  She (What did we do that was wrong) Is leaving (We didn't know it was wrong) Home (Fun is the one thing that money can't buy) Something inside that was always denied For so many years. Bye, bye. She's leaving home bye bye.  Well I'm the sheik of Araby, your love belongs to me. Well at night where you're asleep, into your tent I'll creep. The stars that shine above will light our way to love. You rule this world with me, I'm the sheik of Araby. Well I'm the sheik of Araby, your love belongs to me. Oh at night when you're asleep, into your tent I'll creep. The sun that shines above will light our way to love. You'll rule this world with me, I'm the sheik of Araby. Well I'm the sheik of Araby, well I'm the sheik of Araby, yeah.  Well, if your hands start a-clappin' And your fingers start a-poppin' And your feet start a-movin' around And if you start to swing and sway When the band starts to play A real cool way out sound And if you get to can't help it and you can't sit down You feel like you gotta move around  You get a shot of rhythm and blues. With just a little rock and roll on the side Just for good measure. Get a pair of dancin' shoes Well, with your lover by your side Don't you know you're gonna have a rockin' time, c'mon! Don't you worry 'bout a thing If you start to dance and sing And chills come up on you And if the rhythm finally gets you and the beat gets you too Well, here's something for you to do  Get a shot of rhythm and blues With just a little rock and roll on the side Just for good measure Get a pair of dancin' shoes Well, with your lover by your side Don't you know you're gonna have a rockin' time, c'mon! Don't you worry 'bout a thing If you start to dance and sing And chills come up on you And if the rhythm finally gets you and the beat gets you too Well, here's something for you to do  Get a shot of rhythm and blues Get a pair of dancin' shoes Get a shot of rhythm and blues Well, with your lover by your side Don't you know you're gonna have a rockin' time, c'mon! Don't you worry 'bout a thing If you start to dance and sing And chills come up on you And if the rhythm finally gets you and the beat gets you too Well, here's something for you to do Well, here's something for you to do Well, here's something for you to do Well, if your hands start a-clappin' And your fingers start a-poppin' And your feet start a-movin' around And if you start to swing and sway When the band starts to play A real cool way out sound And if you get to can't help it and you can't sit down You feel like you gotta move around  You get a shot of rhythm and blues. With just a little rock and roll on the side Just for good measure. Get a pair of dancin' shoes Well, with your lover by your side Don't you know you're gonna have a rockin' time, c'mon! Don't you worry 'bout a thing If you start to dance and sing And chills come up on you And if the rhythm finally gets you and the beat gets you too Well, here's something for you to do  Get a shot of rhythm and blues With just a little rock and roll on the side Just for good measure Get a pair of dancin' shoes Well, with your lover by your side Don't you know you're gonna have a rockin' time, c'mon! Don't you worry 'bout a thing If you start to dance and sing And chills come up on you And if the rhythm finally gets you and the beat gets you too Well, here's something for you to do  Get a shot of rhythm and blues Get a pair of dancin' shoes Get a shot of rhythm and blues Well, with your lover by your side Don't you know you're gonna have a rockin' time, c'mon! Don't you worry 'bout a thing If you start to dance and sing And chills come up on you And if the rhythm finally gets you and the beat gets you too Well, here's something for you to do Well, here's something for you to do Well, here's something for you to do  You know you want to make me: Shout! Take my finger! Shout! Throw my hands back! Shout! Kick my heels up! Shout! Come on now. Shout! Take it easy Shout! Take it easy Shout! Take it easy Shout! A little bit softer now. Shout! A little bit softer now. Shout! A little bit softer now. Shout! A little bit softer now. Shout! A little bit softer now. Shout! A little bit softer now. Shout! A little bit softer now. Shout! A little bit softer now. Shout! A little bit louder now. Shout! A little bit louder now. Shout! A little bit louder now. Shout! A little bit louder now. Shout! A little bit louder now. Shout! A little bit louder now. Shout! A little bit louder now. Shout! A little bit louder now. Shout! Hey hey hey hey! Hey hey hey hey! Hey hey hey hey! Hey hey hey hey! Hey hey hey hey! Hey hey hey hey! Hey hey hey hey! Hey hey hey hey! Shout! Jump up and shout now! Shout! Jump up and shout now! Shout! Jump up and shout now! Shout! Bloody shout now! Shout! Bloody shout now! Shout! Shout! Shout! Shout! Shout! Shout! Shout! Shout! Shout!  Sie liebt dich Sie liebt dich Sie liebt dich Du glaubst sie liebt nur mich? Gestern hab' ich sie gesehen. Sie denkt ja nur an dich, Und du solltest zu ihr gehen. Oh, ja sie liebt dich. Schöner kann es gar nicht sein. Ja, sie liebt dich, Und da solltest du dich freu'n. Du hast ihr weh getan, Sie wusste nicht warum. Du warst nicht schuld daran, Und drehtest dich nicht um. Oh, ja sie liebt dich. . . . Sie liebt dich Sie liebt dich Denn mit dir allein kann sie nur glücklich sein. Du musst jetzt zu ihr gehen, Entschuldigst dich bei ihr. Ja, das wid sie verstehen, Und dann verzeiht sie dir. Sie liebt dich Sie liebt dich Denn mit dir allein kann sie nur glücklich sein.  Well, come on pretty baby, won't you walk with me? Come on, pretty baby, won't you talk with me? Come on pretty baby, give me one more chance. Try to save our romance! Slow down, baby, now you're movin' way too fast. You gotta gimme little lovin', gimme little lovin', Ow! if you want our love to last. Well, I used to walk you home, baby, after school, Carry your books home, too. But now you got a boyfriend down the street, Baby what you're tryin' to do? You better slow down! Baby, now you're movin' way too fast. You gotta gimme little lovin', gimme little lovin', Bbbbb! if you want our love to last. Well you know that I love you, tell the world I do. Come on, pretty baby, why can't you be true? I need your baby, oh so bad, The best little woman I ever had Slow down, baby, now you're movin' way too fast. You gotta gimme little lovin', gimme little lovin', Ow! If you want our love to last.  They say that everyone want someone. So how come no one wants me. Then they say that everyone needs someone. So how come no one needs me. Well if you wonder who the loneliest creatures in the world can be. It's the ugly duck, the little black sheep and me. They say that everyone loves someone. So how come no one loves me. Well if you wonder who the loneliest creatures in the world can be. It's the ugly duck, the little black sheep and me. They say that everyone loves someone. So how come no one loves me. So how come no one loves me. So how come no one loves me.  Lay down your arms of love and surrender to me. Lay down your arms of love and love me peacefully, yeah. Use your arms for loving me, baby that's the way it's got to be. There ain't no reason for you to be bad for you're the woman and I love you so. So forget the other boys, 'cos my love is real, come off your battlefield. Lay down your arms of love, and love me peacefully. Lay down your arms of love and love me tenderly, yeah. Use your arms for hold me tight, Baby I don't want to fight no more The weapons you're using are hurting me bad, and someday you're gonna see, 'cos my love for you baby, is the truest you've ever had. A soldier of love is hard to be. Lay down your arms of love, and let the peacefully. Lay down your arms of love and surrender to me, yeah. Use your arms for squeezing, and please the one that you want to hold. Soldier of love, baby lay down your arms, soldier of love, baby lay down your arms.  Ow! Some other guy, now, has taken my love away from me, oh now Some other guy, now, has taken away my sweet desire, oh now Some other guy, now, I just don't wanna hold my hand, oh now I'm the lonely one As long as I can feel all right Some other guy is sippin' up the honey like a yellow dog, oh now Some other guy, now, has taken my love just like I'm gone, oh now Some other guy, now, has taken my love away from me, oh now I'm the lonely one As long as I can feel all right Wo wo ho ho Some other guy, now, is makin' me very very mad, oh now Some other guy, now, is makin' my past seem oh so bad, oh now Some other guy, now, she was the first girl I ever had, oh now I'm the lonely one As long as I can feel all right Wo wo ho ho I'm a-talkin' to you, right now, hey! Ow!  Something in the way she moves Attracts me like no other lover, Something in the way she woos me. I don't want to leave her now, You know I believe and how. Somewhere in her smile she knows That I don't need no other lover. Something in her style that shows me. I don't want to leave her now, You know I believe and how. You're asking me will my love grow, I don't know, I don't know. You stick around now it may show, I don't know, I don't know. Something in the way she knows And all I have to do is think of her, Something in the things she shows me. I don't want to leave her now, You know I believe and how.  Step inside love and stay, Step inside love. Step inside love. Step inside love. I want you to stay. You look tired, love, let me turn down the light. Come in out of the cold, rest your head on my shoulder and kiss me tonight. We are together now and forever, come my way. Step inside love and stay, step inside love, step inside love, step inside love, I want you to stay.  Joe Prairies and the Prairie Wallflowers. Los Paranoias. Los Paranoias invites you to to just enjoy us. Come on you can do with baby, come on and join Los Paranoias. Just enjoy us. Los Paranoias, Los Paranoias. Come on and enjoy us. Harmony. Los Paranoias, come on and enjoy us. We're Los Paranoias. We're here to sing for you and whatever you want us to we will sing a little song for you.  Let me take you down, 'Cos I'm going to Strawberry Fields. Nothing is real And nothing to get hungabout. Strawberry Fields forever.  Living is easy with eyes closed Misunderstanding all you see. It's getting hard to be someone. But it all works out, It doesn't matter much to me.  Let me take you down, 'Cos I'm going to Strawberry Fields. Nothing is real And nothing to get hungabout. Strawberry Fields forever.  No one I think is in my tree, I mean it must be high or low. That is you can't you know tune in. But it's all right. That is I think it's not too bad.  Let me take you down, 'Cos I'm going to Strawberry Fields. Nothing is real And nothing to get hungabout. Strawberry Fields forever.  Always, no sometimes, I think it's me, But you know I know when it's a dream. I think 'er, no' I mean 'er, yes'. But it's all wrong. That is I think I disagree.  Let me take you down, 'Cos I'm going to Strawberry Fields. Nothing is real And nothing to get hungabout. Strawberry Fields forever. Strawberry Fields forever.  Ah - here comes the Sun king. Ev'rybody's laughing, Ev'rybody's happy. Here comes the Sun king.  Quando paramucho mi amore defelice corazon Mundo pararazzi mi amore chicka ferdy parasol Cuesto obrigado tanta mucho que can eat it carousel.  I'm sure to fall, fall in love, I'm sure to fall in love with you. You are so sweet and so near. I'm sure to fall in love with you. So hold me tight, and let tonight be the night. Darling, don't ever let me go. Loving you is the natural thing to do, I want you for the rest of my life. So hold me tight, let tonight be the night. Oh darling, don't ever let me go. Loving you is the natural thing to do, I want you for the rest of my life.  Well let me tell you well no chick made could be the same as Sweet Georgia Brown. Crazy feet that dance so neat has sweet Georgia Brown. Fella's sigh, and even cry for sweet Georgia Brown. I tell you just why you know I don't lie. It's been said she knocks them dead in any old town. Since she came right it's a shame how she brings them down. In Liverpool she even dare to critize the Beatles' hair. With their whole fanclub standing there I mean sweet Georgia Brown. I say this group is absolutely marvellous with the piano, don't you think so. Not too commercial, boys, not too commercial! When it comes to music Sweet Georgia is known to mind, Don't buy clothes at fashion shows but she still looks fine Snap chicks cry, they want to die when Georgie does the twist I never would try to tell you just why. Use your imagination Theres a DJ crazy for her living in out home town since she came it's a shame she turns him down records that she can get are records, they ain't sent him yet Carolina may have Dina, but that don't have Georgia Brown. Oh that sweet Georgia, Yeah yeah yeah I mean Brown, oh oh oh. Sweet Georgia Brown.  They're really rocking in Boston, in Philadelphia PA, deep in the heart of Texas, on down the Frisco Bay. All over Saint Louis and down in New Orleans. All the cats want to dance with sweet little sixteen. Sweet little sixteen, she's just got to have about half a million framed autopraphs. Her wall is filled with pictures, she gets them one by one. Becomes so excited, oh watch her at the run boy. Oh mommy mommy, please may I go. You know it's such a sight to see somebody steal the show. Oh daddy daddy, I beg of you. Please say it to mommy it's alright with you. Sweet little sixteen she's got the grown up blues. Tight dresses and lipstick, she's sporting in high heeled boots. Oh but tomorrow morning she'll have to change her trend become sweet sixteen and back in class again. They're really rocking in Boston, in Philadelphia PA, deep in the heart of Texas and down the Frisco Bay. All over Saint Louis, on down in New Orleans. All the cats want to dance with sweet little sixteen.  If you leave me baby, I don't know what I'll do. I guess I would die, sweetheart if I don't get a kiss from you.  Take out some insurance on me baby, take out some insurance on me baby. Well if you ever ever say goodbye, I'm gonna walk right back and die.  Oh if you want me baby, you got to come to me. I'm just like a string feeling, You just can't lose me.  Take out some insurance on me baby, ooo some insurance on me baby. Well if you ever ever say goodbye, I'm gonna walk right over and die.  Well if you want me baby, mm you got to come to me. I'm just like a strong feeling, You just can't lose me.  Take out some insurance on me baby, mm some insurance on me baby. Well if you ever ever say goodbye, I'm gonna walk right over and die.  Well if you leave me baby, I don't know what I'll do. I guess I would die, sweetheart, if I don't get a kiss from you.  Take out some insurance on me baby, ooo some goddamn insurance on me baby. If you ever ever say goodbye, I'm gonna walk right over and die.  A taste of honey... tasting much sweeter than wine. I dream of your first kiss, and then, I feel upon my lips again, A taste of honey... tasting much sweeter than wine.  I will return, yes I will return, I'll come back for the honey and you. Yours was the kiss that awoke my heart, There lingers still, 'though we're far apart, That taste of honey... tasting much sweeter than wine.  I will return, yes I will return, I'll come back (he'll come back) for the honey (for the honey) and you.  Let me tell you how it will be, There's one for you, nineteen for me, 'Cos I'm the Taxman, Yeah, I'm the Taxman. Should five per cent appear too small, Be thankful I don't take it all, 'Cos I'm the Taxman, Yeah, I'm the Taxman. If you drive a car, I'll tax the street, If you try to sit, I'll tax your seat, If you get too cold, I'll tax the heat, If you take a walk, I'll tax your feet. Taxman. 'Cos I'm the Taxman, Yeah, I'm the Taxman. Don't ask me what I want it for (Taxman Mister Wilson) If you don't want to pay some more (Taxman Mister Heath), 'Cos I'm the Taxman, Yeah, I'm the Taxman. Now my advice for those who die, Declare the pennies on your eyes, 'Cos I'm the Taxman, Yeah, I'm the Taxman. And you're working for no-one but me, Taxman.  This is the story about a boy named Ted. If his mother said: Ted, be good, he would. Be good, Ted. Alright. She told him tales about a soldier dad, but it made her sad. Then she cried, oh my. Ted used to tell her he'd be twice as good and he knew he could, 'cos in his head he said: Mummy don't worry, your Teddy boy's here taking good care of you. Mama don't worry, your Teddy boy's here. Teddy's gonna see you through. And she said: Teddy don't worry your mummy's here, taking good care of you. She said: Teddy don't worry, your mummy's here, Teddy's gonna see you through. He said: ta da da... Then came the day she found herself a man. Teddy turned and ran oh far away, oh yeah. He couldn't stand just to be around, so he left the town far away, yeah yeah. Ted used to tell her he'd be twice as good and he know he could, 'cos in his head he said: Mummy don't worry, now Teddy boy's here, taking good care of you. Mummy don't worry, your Teddy boy's here. Teddy's gonna see you through. And she said: Teddy don't worry, now mummy's here, taking good care of you. Teddy don't worry, your mummy's here, mummy's gonna see you through. And he said: Mummy mummy don't worry, your Teddy boy's here taking good care of you. Mummy don't worry, now Teddy boy's here. Teddy's gonna see you through. Take your partner and don't, hold them tight and don't let go. Got it. Jump up. Take your partners and don't see when you got it, then let it go Hold them tight then. Now Ted used to tell her he'd be twice as good, and he knew he could 'cos in his head, he said:  If you let me take your heart I will prove to you, We will never be apart if I'm part of you, Open up your eyes now tell me what you see, It is no surprise now what you see is me.  Big and black the clouds may be time will pass away, If you put your trust in me I'll make bright your day. Look into these eyes, tell me what you see, Don't you realize now what you see is me. Tell me what you see.  Listen to me one more time how can I get through, Can't you try to see that I'm trying to get to you, Open up your eyes now tell me what you see, It is no surprise now what you see is me. Tell me what you see.  Listen to me one more time how can I get through, Open up your eyes now tell me what you see, It is no surprise now what you see is me.  Tell me why you cried, And why you lied to me, Tell me why you cried, And why you lied to me. Well I gave you ev'rything I had, But you left me sitting on my own, Did you have to treat me oh so bad, All I do is hang my head and moan. Tell me why you cried, And why you lied to me, Tell me why you cried, And why you lied to me. If there's something I have said or done, Tell me what and I'll apologize, If you don't I really can't go on, Holding back these tears in my eyes. Tell me why you cried, And why you lied to me, Tell me why you cried, And why you lied to me. Well I beg you on my bended knees, If you'll only listen to my pleas, If there's anything I can do, 'Cos I really can't stand it, I'm so in love with you. Tell me why you cried, And why you lied to me.  Oh, oh, You've been good to me, you made me glad when I was blue, And eternally I'll always be in love with you, And all I gotta do is thank you girl, thank you girl.  I could tell the world, a thing or two about our love, I know little girl, only a fool would doubt our love, And all I gotta do is thank you girl, thank you girl.  Thank you girl for loving me the way that you do, (way that you do), That's the kind of love love that is too good to be true, And all I gotta do is thank you girl, thank you girl.  Oh, oh, You've been good to me, you made me glad when I was blue, And eternally I'll always be in love with you, And all I gotta do is thank you girl, thank you girl.  Oh, oh.  A friend says that your love won't mean a lot. And you know that your love is all you've got. At times things are so fine and at times they're not. But when she says she loves you, that means a lot.  A friend says that a love is never true. And you know that this don't apply to you. A touch can mean so much when it's all you've got. When she says she loves you that means a lot.  Love can be deep inside, love can be suicide. Can't you see you can't hide what you feel when it's real.  A friend says that your love won't mean a lot. And you know that your love is all you've got. A touch can mean so much when it's all you've got. When she says she loves you that means a lot.  Can't you see, yeah. Can't you see, yeah. Can't you see, yeah. Can't you see, yeah. Can't you see, yeah. Can't you see, ah. Can't you see, yeah. Can't you see, yeah.  Well that'll be the day when you say goodbye. Yeah that'll be the day when you make me cry. You say you're gonna leave, you know it's a lie 'cos that'll be the day when I die. Well you gave me all your loving and all your turtle doving, all your hugs and kisses and your money too. You say you love me baby, still you tell me maybe that somebody, well I'll be through. Well that'll be the day when you say goodbye. That'll be the day when you make me cry. You say you're gonna leave, you know it's a lie 'cos that'll be the day when I die. Yes that'll be the day when you say goodbye. Yes that'll be the day when you make me cry. You say you're gonna leave, you know it's a lie 'cos that'll be the day when I die. Well when Cupid shot his dart, he shot it at your heart. So if we'll ever part, and I'll leave you. You say and hold me, and you tell me boldly that some day, well I'll be through. Well that'll be the day when you say goodbye. Yes that'll be the day when you make me cry. You say you're gonna leave, you know it's a lie 'cos that'll be the day when I die. Yeah that'll be the day. Ohoh that'll be the day. Ohoh that'll be the day. Ohoh that'll be the day.  Well that's all right mama, that's all right for you. Yeh that's all right mama, just anyway you do. That's all right, that's all right, That's all right my mama, anyway you do. Well mama she done told me, papa done told me too. Son that gal you're fooling with, she ain't no girl for you. That's all right, that's all right, That's all right my mama, anyway you do. I'm leaving town baby, I'm leaving town for sure, then you won't be bothered with me hanging round your door. That's all right, that's all right. Yeh that's all right my mama, anyway you do. Well that's all right mama, yeah that's all right for you. That's all right mama, just anyway you do. That's all right, that's all right, That's all right my mama, anyway you do. Dee dee dee dee dee dee, da da dee dee dee, da da dee dee dee, I need your loving. That's all right. Well that's all right my mama, anyway you do. Yeh that's all right my mama, anyway you do.  There, there's a place, Where I can go, When I feel low, When I feel blue, And it's my mind, And there's no time, When I'm alone. I think of you, And things you do, Go round my head, The things you've said, Like I love only you. In my mind there's no sorrow, Don't you know that it's so, There'll be no sad tomorrow, Don't you know that it's so. There, there's a place, Where I can go, When I feel low, When I feel blue, And it's my mind, And there's no time, When I'm alone. There, there's a place, There's a place.  You say you will love me if I have to go, You'll be thinking of me, somehow I will know, Someday when I'm lonely, wishing you weren't so far away, Then I will remember things we said today.  You say you will be mine, girl, till the end of time, These days such a kind girl seems so hard to find, Someday when we're dreaming, deep in love, Not a lot to say, Then we will remember things we said today.  Me I'm just a lucky kind, Love to hear you say that love is love, And though we may be blind, Love is here to stay.  And that's enough to make you mine girl, Be the only one, Love me all the time girl, we'll go on and on, Someday when we're dreaming, deep in love, Not a lot to say, Then we will remember things we said today.  Me I'm just a lucky kind, Love to hear you say that love is love, And though we may be blind, Love is here to stay.  And that's enough to make you mine girl, Be the only one, Love me all the time girl, we'll go on and on, Someday when we're dreaming, deep in love, Not a lot to say, Then we will remember things we said today  I've got a word or two To say about the things that you do, You're telling all those lies, About the good things we can have If we close our eyes. Do what you want to do, And go where you're going to, Think for yourself,  'Cos I won't be there with you, I left you far behind The ruins of the life that you had in mind. And though you still can't see, I know your mind's made up, You're gonna cause more misery. Do what you want to do, And go where you're going to, Think for yourself,  'Cos I won't be there with you. Although your mind's opaque, Try thinking more, If just for your own sake. The future still looks good, And you've got time to rectify All the things that you should. Do what you want to do, And go where you're going to, Think for yourself,  'Cos I won't be there with you. Do what you want to do, And go where you're going to, Think for yourself, 'Cos I won't be there with you. Think for yourself, 'Cos I won't be there with you.  That boy took my love away, He'll regret it someday-i-ay, But this boy wants you back again.  That boy isn't good for you, Tho' he may want you too, This boy wants you back again.  Oh, and this boy would be happy, Just to love you, but oh my - yi - yi, That boy won't be happy, Till he's seen you cry - hi - hi.  This boy wouldn't mind the pain, Would always feel the same, If this boy gets you back again. This boy. This boy.  Three cool cats, three cool cats are coming up in a beat up car, spitting up a lift of candy bar talking on about how sharp they are. Three cool cats.  Three cool chicks are walking down the street swinging their hips, splitting up a bag of potatoe chips I think cool cats really did flip. Three cool chicks Three cool chicks.  Well up came that first cool cat, he said: man look at that. Man, do you see what I see? Well I want that middle chick I want that little chick. Hey man save once chick for me.  Well three cool chicks. Three cool chicks. Well they love like angels from up above and three cool cats really fell in love.  But three cool chicks made three fools out of three cool cats.  Three cool cats. Well up came that first cool cat, he said: man look at that. man do you see what I see? Well I want that middle chick, I want that little chick. Hey man, save one chick for me.  Three cool chicks. Three cool chicks. They look like angels from up above and three cool cats really fell in love. And three cool chicks made three fools out of three cool cats. Three cool cats. Three cool cats. Three cool cats.  I think I'm gonna be sad, I think it's today, yeh, The girl that's driving me mad, Is going away.  She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ri - hi - hide, She's got a ticket to ride, but she don't care.  She said that living with me, Is bringing her down yeh, For she would never be free when I was around.  She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ri - hi - hide, She's got a ticket to ride, but she don't care.  I don't know why she's riding so high, She ought to think twice, She ought to do right by me.  I think I'm gonna be sad, I think it's today, yeh, The girl that's driving me mad, Is going away.  She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ri - hi - hide, She's got a ticket to ride, but she don't care.  I don't know why she's riding so high, She ought to think twice, She ought to do right by me.  Before she gets to saying goodbye, She ought to think twice, She ought to do right by me.  She said that living with me, Is bringing her down yeh, For she would never be free when I was around.  She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ri - hi - hide, She's got a ticket to ride, but she don't care. My baby don't care, my baby don't care.  There were bells on a hill But I never heard them ringing No I never heard them at all 'Til there was you  There were birds in the sky But I never saw them winging No I never saw them at all 'Til there was you  Then there was music and wonderful roses They tell me in sweet fragrant meadows of dawn and dew There was love all around But I never heard it singing No I never heard it at all 'Til there was you  Then there was music and wonderful roses They tell me in sweet fragrant meadows of dawn and you There was love all around But I never heard it singing No I never heard it at all 'Til there was you 'Til there was you  To know know know her is to love love love her. Just to see her smile makes my life worthwhile.  Yes just to know know know her is to love love love her and I do, and I do, and I do. And I do, and I do, and I do.  I'll be good to her I'll make love to her. Everyone says there'll come a day when I'll walk alongside of her.  Yes just to know know know her is to love love love her and I do and I do and I do, and I do and I do and I do.  Why can't she see, how blind can she be? Someday she'll see that she were meant just for me.  Oh oh to know know know her is to love love love her. Just to see her smile makes my life worthwhile.  Yes just to know know know her is to love love love her and I do and I do and I do, and I do and I do and I do.  Why can't she see, how blind can she be? Someday she'll see that she were meant just for me.  Oh yeh to know know know her is to love love love her. Just to see her smile makes my life worthwhile.  Yes just to know know know her is to love love love her and I do and I do and I do and I do and I do.  Turn off your mind relax and float down-stream, It is not dying, it is not dying, Lay down all thought surrender to the void, It is shining, it is shining.  That you may see the meaning of within, It is being, it is being, That love is all and love is everyone, It is knowing, it is knowing.  That ignorance and haste may mourn the dead, It is believing, it is believing, But listen to the color of your dreams, It is not living, it is not living.  Or play the game "existence" to the end. Of the beginning, of the beginning. Of the beginning. Of the beginning.  Running to and fro, hard working at the mill, never failed at the mill, there come a rotten bill.  Aw too much monkey business, too much monkey business, too much monkey business for me to be involved again.  Salesman talking to me, trying to run me up a creek, Says you can buy it, go on try it, you can pay me next week.  Aw too much monkey business, too much monkey business, too much monkey business for me to be involved again.  Blonde hair, good-looking, trying to get me hooked and married Get a home, settle down by the book.  Too much monkey business, too much monkey business, too much monkey business for me to be involved again.  Been to Yokohama, baby, fighting in the war, Army bunk, army chow, army clothes, army car.  Too much monkey business, too much monkey business, too much monkey business for me to be involved again.  Same thing every day, getting up, going to school. No need for me complaining, my objection's overruled.  Aw too much monkey business, too much monkey business, too much monkey business for me to be involved again.  Working in the filling station, too many tasks, Wipe the windows, check the oil, check the tires, dollar gas?  Aw too much monkey business, too much monkey business Don't want you by the race, get away and leave me.  Well, shake it up, baby, now, (shake it up, baby) Twist and shout. (twist and shout) C'mon c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, baby, now, (come on baby) Come on and work it on out. (work it on out)  Well, work it on out, honey. (work it on out) You know you look so good. (look so good) You know you got me goin', now, (got me goin') Just like I knew you would. (like I knew you would)  Well, shake it up, baby, now, (shake it up, baby) Twist and shout. (twist and shout) C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, baby, now, (come on baby) Come on and work it on out. (work it on out)  You know you twist your little girl, (twist, little girl) You know you twist so fine. (twist so fine) Come on and twist a little closer, now, (twist a little closer) And let me know that you're mine. (let me know you're mine)  Well, shake it up, baby, now, (shake it up, baby) Twist and shout. (twist and shout) C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, baby, now, (come on baby) Come on and work it on out. (work it on out)  You know you twist your little girl, (twist, little girl) You know you twist so fine. (twist so fine) Come on and twist a little closer, now, (twist a little closer) And let me know that you're mine. (let me know you're mine)  Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby, now. (shake it up baby) Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby, now. (shake it up baby) Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby, now. (shake it up baby)  Two of us riding nowhere Spending someone's hard earned pay, You and me Sunday driving, Not arriving on our way back home.  We're on our way home, We're on our way home, We're going home.  Two of us sending postcards Writing letters on my wall. You and me burning matches, Lifting latches on our way back home.  We're on our way home, We're on our way home, We're going home.  You and I have memories Longer than the road that stretches out ahead  Two of us wearing raincoats Standing solo in the sun. You and me chasing paper, Getting nowhere on our way back home.  We're on our way home, We're on our way home, We're on our way home.  You and I have memories Longer than the road that stretches out ahead]  Two of us wearing raincoats Standing solo in the sun. You and me chasing paper, Getting nowhere on our way back home  We're on our way home, We're on our way home, We're on our way home.  It's been a long time, now I'm coming back home, I've been away now, oh how I've been alone, Wait till I come back to your side, We'll forget the tears we cried.  But if your heart breaks, don't wait, turn me away, And if your heart's strong, hold on, I won't delay, Wait till I come back to your side, We'll forget the tears we cried.  I feel as though you ought to know That I've been good, as good as I can be, And if you do, I'll trust in you, And know that you will wait for me.  It's been a long time, now I'm coming back home, I've been away now, oh how I've been alone, Wait till I come back to your side, We'll forget the tears we cried.  I feel as though you ought to know That I've been good, as good as I can be, And if you do, I'll trust in you, And know that you will wait for me.  But if your heart breaks, don't wait, turn me away, And if your heart's strong, hold on, I won't delay, Wait till I come back to your side, We'll forget the tears we cried.  It's been a long time, now I'm coming back home, I've been away now, oh how I've been alone,  Try to see it my way, Do I have to keep on talking till I can't go on? While you see it your way, Run the risk of knowing that our love may soon be gone.  We can work it out. We can work it out.  Think of what you're saying, You can get it wrong and still you think that it's alright, Think of what I'm saying,  We can work it out and get it straight, or say good-night. We can work it out. We can work it out.  Life is very short, and there's no time, For fussing and fighting, my friend, I have always though that it's a crime, So I will ask you once again.  Try to see it my way, Only time will tell if I am right or I am wrong, While you see your way, There's a chance that we may fall apart before too long.  Life is very short, and there's no time, For fussing and fighting, my friend, I have always thought that it's a crime, So I will ask you once again.  Try to see it my way, Only time will tell if I am right or I am wrong, While you see it your way, There's a chance that we may fall apart before too long. We can work it out. We can work it out.  What goes on in your heart, What goes on in your mind? You are tearing me apart, When you treat me so unkind, What goes on in your mind?  The other day I saw you, As I walked along the road, But when I saw him with you I could feel my future fold.  It's so easy for a girl like you to lie, Tell my why? What goes on in your heart, What goes on in your mind? You are tearing me apart, When you treat me so unkind, What goes on in your mind?  I met you in the morning, Waiting for the tides of time, But now the tide is turning, I can see that I was blind.  It's so easy for a girl like you to lie, Tell me why? What goes on in your heart.  I used to think of no-one else, But you were just the same, You didn't even think of me As someone with a name, Did you mean to break my heart and watch me die, Tell me why?  What goes on in your heart, What goes on in your mind? You are tearing me apart, When you treat me so unkind, What goes on in your mind?  Look what you're doing, I'm feeling blue and lonely, Would it be too much to ask of you, What you're doing to me?  You got me running and there's no fun in it, Why should it be so much to ask of you, What you're doing to me?  I've been waiting here for you, Wond'ring what you're gonna do, Should you need a love that's true, it's me.  Please stop your lying, you've got me crying, girl, Why should it be so much to ask of you, What you're doing to me? What you're doing to me.  Hey mama don't you see me wrong I come and love you daddy all night long Alright hey hey hey hey  See the gal with the diamond ring She knows how to shake that thing Alright hey hey hey hey (play the thing)  See the gal with the red dress on She knows how to do it all night long Alright hey hey hey hey  Well tell your mama, tell your pa Gonna send you back to Arkansas Alright hey hey don't do it right now (Play it now, play that instrument)  When you see me in misery Well you see me in misery Well baby save my fee Alright hey hey hey hey  Oh tell me what'd say Tell me what'd I say...  She looks as an African queen, she eating twelve chapattis and cream, she tastes as Mongolian lamb, she coming from out of Bahran.  What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party. What a shame Mary Jane. What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party.  She like to be married with Yeti, he grooving such cooky spaghetti, she jumping as Mexican bean to make that her body more thin.  What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party. What a shame Mary Jane. What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party.  She catch Patagonian pancake with that one a gin party makes. She having all the ways good contacts, she making with Apple an contract.  What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party. What a shame Mary Jane. What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party.  All together now:  What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party. What a shame Mary Jane. What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party.  She looks as an African queen, she tastes as Mongolian lamb.  What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party. What a shame Mary Jane. What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party. What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party. What a shame Mary Jane. What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party.  Whoa-ho, whoa-ho, I got a whole lot of things to tell her, When I get home.  Come on, I'm on my way, 'Cos I'm gonna see my baby today, I've got a whole lot of things I've gotta say to her.  Whoa-ho, whoa-ho, I got a whole lot of things to tell her, When I get home.  Come on, if you please, I've got no time for trivialities, I've got a girl who's waiting home for me tonight.  Whoa-ho, whoa-ho, I got a whole lot of things to tell her, When I get home.  When I'm getting home tonight, I'm gonna hold her tight, I'm gonna love her till the cows come home, I bet I'll love her more, Till I walk out that door - again.  Come on, let me through, I've got so many things I've got to do, I've got no business being here with you this way.  Whoa-ho, whoa-ho, I got a whole lot of things to tell her, When I get home - Yeah.  When I get older losing my hair, Many years from now. Will you still be sending me a Valentine Birthday greetings bottle of wine.  If I'd been out till quarter to three Would you lock the door. Will you still need me, will you still feed me, When I'm sixty-four.  You'll be older too, And if you say the word, I could stay with you.  I could be handy, mending a fuse When your lights have gone. You can knit a sweater by the fireside Sunday morning go for a ride.  Doing the garden, digging the weeds, Who could ask for more. Will you still need me, will you still feed me, When I'm sixty-four.  Every summer we can rent a cottage, In the Isle of Wight, if it's not too dear We shall scrimp and save  Grandchildren on your knee Vera Chuck & Dave Send me a postcard, drop me a line, Stating point of view  Indicate precisely what you mean to say Yours sincerely, wasting away Give me your answer, fill in a form Mine for evermore.  Will you still need me, will you still feed me When I'm sixty-four.  I look at you all see the love there that's sleeping While my guitar gently weeps. I look at the floor and I see it needs sweeping Still my guitar gently weeps.  I don't know why nobody told you How to unfold your love, I don't know how someone controlled you They bought and sold you.  I look at the world and I notice it's turning While my guitar gently weeps. With every mistake we must surely be learning, Still my guitar gently weeps.  I don't know how you were diverted You were perverted too. I don't know how you were inverted No one alerted you.  I look at you all see the love there that's sleeping, While my guitar gently weeps. I then look at you all, Still my guitar gently weeps.  Why why can't we love again? Why why are you shy on love?  If you only knew how much I love you, why can't you love me again? Why why don't you open your heart? Why why are we so far apart? If you only knew how much I love you, why can't you love me again?  I just want your loving arms around me, yeah, I got to find a way to make you take me back. Baby won't you tell me why why why why are we so far apart? Why why don't you open your heart? If you only knew how much I love you, why can't you love me again?  I just want your loving arms around me, yeah, I got to find a way to make you take me back. Baby won't you tell me why why why why are we so far apart? Why why don't you open your heart? If you only knew how much I love you, why can't you love me why can't you love me why can't you love me again?  Why don't we do it in the road? No one will be watching us. Why don't we do it in the road?  Honey pie Honey pie Honey pie Honey pie hello…  What would you think if I sang out of tune, Would you stand up and walk out on me. Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song, And I'll try not to sing out of key.  I get by with a little help from my friends, I get high with a little help from my friends, I'm gonna try with a little help from my friends.  What do I do when my love is away. (Does it worry you to be alone) How do I feel by the end of the day (Are you sad because you're on your own)  No I get by with a little help from my friends, I get high with a little help from my friends, Oh, I'm gonna try with a little help from my friends.  Do you need anybody, I need somebody to love. Could it be anybody I want somebody to love.  Do you believe in love at first sight, Yes I'm certain that it happens all the time. What do you see when you turn out the light, I can't tell you, but I know it's mine.  Oh I get by with a little help from my friends. I get high with a little help from my friends, Oh I'm gonna try with a little help from my friends.  Do you need anybody, I just need somebody to love, Could it be anybody, I want somebody to love.  Oh I get by with a little help from my friends, Mm I'm gonna try with a little help from my friends, Oh I get high with a little help from my friends, Yes I get by with a little help from my friends.  We were talking - about the space between us all And the people - who hide themselves behind a wall of illusion Never glimpse the truth - then it’s far too late - when they pass away.  We were talking - about the love we all could share - when we find it To try our best to hold it there - with our love With our love - we could save the world - if they only knew.  Try to realize it's all within yourself No-one else can make you change And to see you're really only very small, And life flows on within you and without you.  We were talking - about the love that's gone so cold and the people, Who gain the world and lose their soul - They don't know - they can't see - are you one of them?  When you've seen beyond yourself - Then you may find peace of mind, is waiting there - And the time will come when you see we're all one, And life flows on within you and without you.  Say the word and you'll be free, Say the word and be like me, Say the word I'm thinking of, Have you heard the word is love. It's so fine, it's sunshine, It's the word love. In the beginning I misunderstood, But now I've got it the word is good. Say the word and you'll be free, Say the word and be like me, Say the word I'm thinking of, Have you heard the word is love. It's so fine, it's sunshine, It's the word love. Everywhere I go I hear it said, In the good and the bad books that I have read. Say the word and you'll be free, Say the word and be like me, Say the word I'm thinking of, Have you heard the word is love. It's so fine, it's sunshine, It's the word love. Now that I know what I feel must be right, I mean to show ev'rybody the light, Give the word a chance to say, That the word is just the way, It's the word I'm thinking of, And the only word is love, It's so fine it's sunshine, It's the word love. Say the word love, Say the word love, Say the word love, Say the word love.  Hold me close and tell me how you feel Tell me love is real Words of love you whisper soft and true Darling I love you  Let me hear you say the words I long to hear Darling when you're near Words of love you whisper soft and true Darling I love you  Sitting here la la Waiting for my ya ya Sitting here la la Waiting for my ya ya  It may sound funny But I don't think she's comin' home  Baby hurry, don't keep me worry Baby hurry, now don't keep me worry, no You know how I love you, oh, how much I love you  Sitting here la la Waiting for my ya ya Sitting here la la Waiting for my ya ya  It may sound funny But I don't think she's comin' home  Sitting here We're sitting here  Sitting here la la Waiting for my ya ya Sitting here la la Waiting for my ya ya  In the town where I was born, Lived a man who sailed the sea, And he told us of his life, In the land of submarines.  So we sailed on to the sun, Till we found the sea of green, And we lived beneath the waves, In our yellow submarine.  We all live in a yellow submarine, Yellow submarine, yellow submarine, We all live in a yellow submarine, Yellow submarine, yellow submarine,  And our friends are all aboard, Many more of them live next door, And the band begins to play.  We all live in a yellow submarine, Yellow submarine, yellow submarine, We all live in a yellow submarine, Yellow submarine, yellow submarine,  As we live a life of ease, Everyone of us has all we need, Sky of blue and sea of green, In our yellow submarine.  We all live in a yellow submarine, Yellow submarine, yellow submarine, We all live in a yellow submarine, Yellow submarine, yellow submarine.  Yes I'm lonely wanna die. If I ain't dead already. Ooh girl you know the reason why.  In the morning wanna die. In the evening wanna die. If I ain't dead already. Ooh girl you know the reason why.  My mother was of the sky. My father was of the earth. But I am of the universe And you know what it's worth. I'm lonely wanna die. If I ain't dead already. Ooh girl you know the reason why.  The eagle picks my eye. The worm he licks my bone. I feel so suicidal Just like Dylan's Mr. Jones, Lonely wanna die. If I ain't dead already. Ooh girl you know the reason why.  Black cloud crossed my mind. Blue mist round my soul. Feel so suicidal Even hate my rock and roll. Wanna die yeah wanna die. If I ain't dead already. Ooh girl you know the reason why.  If you wear red tonight, Remember what I said tonight, For red is the color my baby wore, And what's more, it's true, Yes it is.  Scarlet were the clothes she wore, Ev'rybody knows I'm sure, I would remember all the things we planned, Understand it's true, Yes, it's true, Yes it is.  I could be happy with you by my side, If I could forget her, But it's my pride, Yes it is, yes it is.  Please don't wear red tonight, This is what I said tonight, For red is the color that will make me blue, In spite of you it's true, Yes it is, it's true, Yes it is.  I could be happy with you by my side, If I could forget her, But it's my pride, Yes it is, yes it is.  Please don't wear red tonight, This is what I said tonight, For red is the color that will make me blue, In spite of you it's true, Yes it is, it's true.  Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away Now it looks as though they're here to stay Oh, I believe in yesterday  Suddenly, I'm not half the man I used to be There's a shadow hanging over me oh, yesterday came suddenly  Why she had to go I don't know, she wouldn't say I said something wrong, now I long for yesterday  Yesterday, love was such an easy game to play Now I need a place to hide away oh, I believe in yesterday  Why she had to go I don't know, she wouldn't say I said something wrong, now I long for yesterday  Yesterday, love was such an easy game to play Now I need a place to hide away oh, I believe in yesterday, Mm  I got something to say that might cause you pain, If I catch you talking to that boy again, I'm gonna let you down, And leave you flat, Because I told you before, oh, You can't do that.  Well, it's the second time, I've caught you talking to him, Do I have to tell you one more time, I think it's a sin, I think I'll let you down. Let you down and leave you flat, Gonna let you down and leave you flat, Because I told you before, oh, You can't do that.  Ev'rybody's green, 'Cause I'm the one, who won your love, But if it's seen, You're talking that way They'd laugh in my face.  So please listen to me, if you wanna stay mine, I can't help my feelings, I'll go out of my mind, I know I'll let you down, And leave you flat, Because I told you before, oh, You can't do that.  Ev'rybody's green, 'Cause I'm the one, who won your love, But if it's seen, You're talking that way They'd laugh in my face.  So please listen to me, if you wanna stay mine, I can't help my feelings, I'll go out of my mind, I know I'll let you down, And leave you flat, Because I told you before, oh, You can't do that.  You know my name, look up the number You know my name, look up the number You, you know, you know my name You, you know, you know my name  (Good evening and welcome to slaggers featuring Denis O'Bell Come on Ringo, Let's here it for Denis O'Bell, good evening)  You know my name, better look up my number You know my name, that's right, look up my number You, you know, you know my name You, you know, you know my name  You know my name, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba Look up my number You know my name, that's right, look up the number Oh wu, you, you know, you know my name You, you know, you know my name  You know my name, ba ba ba ba, look up the number You know my name, look up the number You, you know, you know my name baby You, you know, you know my name  You know, you know my name You know, you know my name (Go on Denis let's hear it for Denis O'Bell) You know, you know my name You know, you know my name  Prr, prr you know my name and the number You know my name, look up the number you now, you know my name Yes, you now my name You know, you know my name You know my name, look up my number, you know  When I see you I just don't know what to say. I like to be with you Every hour of the day. So if you want me Just like I need you, You know what to do.  I watched you walking by And you looked alone. I hope that you won't mind If I walk you home. And if you want me Just like I need you, You know what to do.  Just call on me When you're lonely. I'll keep my love For you only. I'll call on you If I'm lonely too. Understand I'll stay With you every day. Make you love me more In every way. So if you want me Just like I want you. You know what to do.  Just call on me When you're lonely. I'll keep my love For you only. I'll call on you If I'm lonely too. Understand I'll stay With you every day. Make you love me more In every way. So if you want me Just like I want you. You know what to do  Though you've gone away this morning you'll be back again tonight, Telling me there'll be no next time if I just don't treat you right, You'll never leave and you know it's true, 'Cause you like me too much and I like you.  You've tried before to leave me but you never had the nerve, To walk out and makee me lonely which is all that I deserve, You'll never leave and you know it's true, 'Cause you like me too much and I like you.  I really do and it's nice when you believe me if you leave me, I will follow you and bring you back where you belong, 'Cause I couldn't really stand it I admit that I was wrong, I wouldn't let you leave me 'cause it's true, 'Cause you like me too much and I like you. 'Cause you like me too much and I like you.  You never give me your money Your only give me your funny paper And in the middle of negotiations you break down  I never give you my number I only give you my situation And in the middle of investigation I break down.  Out of college money spent See no future pay no rent. All the money's gone, nowhere to go.  Any Jobber got the sack, Monday morning turning back. Yellow lorry slow, nowhere to go. But oh - that magic feeling nowhere to go. One sweet dream  Pick up the bags and get in the limousine. Soon we'll be away from here. Step on the gas and wipe that tear away,  One sweet dream came true today, came true today. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, All good children go to heaven.  I don't like you But I love you See that I'm always Thinking of you Oh, oh, oh, You treat me badly I love you madly  You've really got a hold on me You've really got a hold on me, baby  I don't want you, But I need you Don't want to kiss you But I need you Oh, oh, oh You do me wrong now My love is strong now  You've really got a hold on me You've really got a hold on me, baby  I love you and all I want you to do Is just hold me, hold me, hold me, hold me I want to leave you Don't want to stay here Don't want to spend Another day here Oh, oh, oh, I want to split now I just can quit now  You've really got a hold on me You've really got a hold on me, baby  I love you and all I want you to do Is just hold me, hold me, hold me, hold me You've really got a hold on me You've really got a hold on me  When I call you up your line's engaged. I have had enough, so act your age, We have lost the time that was so hard to find, And I will lose my mind, If you won't see me, you won't see me.  I don't know why you should want to hide, But I can't get through my hands are tied, I won't want to stay I don't have much to say, But I can turn away. And you won't see me, you won't see me.  Time after time you refuse to even listen, I wouldn't mind if I knew what I was missing. Though the days are few they're filled with tears, And since I lost you it feels like years, Yes it seems so long girl since you've been gone, And I just can't go on, If you won't see me, you won't see me.  Time after time you refuse to even listen, I wouldn't mind if I knew what I was missing. Though the days are few they're filled with tears, And since I lost you it feels like years, Yes it seems so long girl since you've been gone, And I just can't go on, If you won't see me, you won't see me. Oo - Oo -  Well darling all the night You'll be mine and I know You'll be mine Till you die You'll be mine  And so all the night You'll be mine You'll be mine And the stars Always shine You'll be mine  Oh my darling, when you burnt that toast the other morning I, I looked into you eyes and  I could see that National Health eyeball and I love you, like I've never done, like I've never done before!  Oh darling In your eyes And you'll be mine You will be mine You'll be mine At the star and so You'll be mine  You're going to lose that girl, you're going to lose that girl. If you don't take her out tonight, she's going to change her mind, And I will take her out tonight, and I will treat her kind.  You're going to lose that girl, you're going to lose that girl. If you don't treat her right, my friend, you're going to find her gone, 'Cos I will treat her right, and then you'll be the lonely one.  You're going to lose that girl, you're going to lose that girl. I'll make a point of taking her away from you, yeah, The way you treat her what else can I do?  You're going to lose that girl, you're going to lose that girl. I'll make a point of taking her away from you, yeah, The way you treat her what else can I do?  If you don't take her out tonight, she's going to change her mind, And I will take her out tonight, and I will treat her kind. You're going to lose that girl, you're going to lose that girl.  Here I stand with head in hand, Turn my face to the wall. If she's gone I can't go on, Feeling two foot small.  Ev'rywhere people stare, Each and ev'ry day. I can see them laugh at me, And I hear them say.  Hey, you've got to hide your love away. Hey, you've got to hide your love away.  How can I even try, I can never win, Hearing them, seeing them, In the state I'm in.  How could she say to me Love will find a way? Gather round all you clowns Let me hear you say.  Hey, you've got to hide your love away. Hey, you've got to hide your love away.  I saw her standing on the corner, a yellow ribbon in her hair. I couldn't stop myself from calling: look a-there, look a-there, look a-there, look a-there.  Young Blood, Young Blood, Young Blood. I can't get you out of my mind. I took one look and I was fractured, I tried to walk but I was lame. I tried to talk but I just stuttered:  well what's your name, what's your name, well what's your name, what's your name.  Young Blood, Young Blood, Young Blood. I can't get you out of my mind. A crazy stop, she was the top, I tried to follow her all the way home. Things went bad, I met her dad he said: you'd better leave my daughter alone.  Well I tried to I saw the rising of the sun, and all along my heart was falling, while you're the one, you're the one, while you're the one, you're the one,  Young Blood, Young Blood, Young Blood. I can't get you out of my mind. A crazy stop, she was the top, I tried to follow her all the way home. Things went bad, I met her dad he said: you'd better leave my daughter alone.  Well I tried to I saw the rising of the sun, and all along my heart was falling, while you're the one, while you're the one, while you're the one, while you're the one,  Young Blood, Young Blood, Young Blood. I can't get you out of my mind. Young Blood, Young Blood, Young Blood. I can't get you out of my mind. Let's all get up and dance to a song that was a hit Before your Mother was born Though she was born a long long time ago Your Mother should know - your Mother should know Sing it again.  Lift up your hearts and sing me a song that was a hit Before your Mother was born Though she was born a long long time ago Your Mother should know - your Mother should know Your Mother should know - your Mother should know Sing it again.  Though she was born a long long time ago Your Mother should know - your Mother should know Your Mother should know - your Mother should know Your Mother should know - your Mother should know
